---
page_title: "cloudavenue_alb_virtual_service Data Source - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "ALB (Advanced Load Balancer)"
description: |-
  Provides a data source to read ALB Virtual services for particular NSX-T Edge Gateway. A virtual service advertises an IP address and ports to the external world and listens for client traffic. When a virtual service receives traffic, it directs it to members in ALB Pool.
---

# cloudavenue_alb_virtual_service (Data Source)

Provides a data source to read ALB Virtual services for particular NSX-T Edge Gateway. A virtual service advertises an IP address and ports to the external world and listens for client traffic. When a virtual service receives traffic, it directs it to members in ALB Pool.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudavenue_alb_virtual_service" "example" {
  edge_gateway_name = data.cloudavenue_edgegateway.example.name
  name              = "MyALBVirtualServiceName"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the ALB Virtual Service.

### Optional

- `edge_gateway_id` (String) The ID of the edge gateway on which the ALB Virtual Service is to be created.
- `edge_gateway_name` (String) The name of the edge gateway on which the ALB Virtual Service is to be created.

### Read-Only

- `certificate_id` (String) The ID of the certificate. The certificate must be uploaded to the NSX Advanced Load Balancer before it can be used. The certificate MUST'NT be expired.
- `description` (String) The description of the ALB Virtual Service.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Defines if the ALB Virtual Service is enabled.
- `id` (String) The ID of the load balancer virtual service.
- `pool_id` (String) The ID of the ALB Server Pool associated.
- `pool_name` (String) The name of the ALB Server Pool associated.
- `service_engine_group_name` (String) The name of the service Engine Group (Take the first one if not specified).
- `service_ports` (Attributes List) The service port of the ALB Virtual Service. The service port is the port on which the virtual service listens for client traffic. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_ports))
- `service_type` (String) The type of the service. The different modes that the NSX Advanced Load Balancer supports for handling TCP traffic and various parameters that can be tuned for optimization of the TCP traffic are also detailed here.
- `virtual_ip` (String) The virtual IP address of the ALB Virtual Service.

<a id="nestedatt--service_ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_ports`

Read-Only:

- `port_end` (Number) The end port of the service port range. If not specified, only the `port_start` value is used.
- `port_ssl` (Boolean) Defines if the service port is SSL enabled.
- `port_start` (Number) The start port of the service port range or exact port number if `port_end`is not set.
- `port_type` (String) The type of the service port. The different modes that the NSX Advanced Load Balancer supports for handling TCP traffic and various parameters that can be tuned for optimization of the TCP traffic are also detailed here.

