---
page_title: "cloudavenue_bms Data Source - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "BMS (Bare Metal Server)"
description: |-
  The cloudavenue_bms data source allows you to retrieve information about your Bare Metal Server.
---

# cloudavenue_bms (Data Source)

The `cloudavenue_bms` data source allows you to retrieve information about your Bare Metal Server.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudavenue_bms" "example" {}

output "example" {
  value = data.cloudavenue_bms.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `env` (Attributes Set) Return the list of BMS environement. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--env))
- `id` (String) The ID of the datasource.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--env"></a>
### Nested Schema for `env`

Read-Only:

- `bms` (Attributes Set) The BMS list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--env--bms))
- `network` (Attributes Set) The network array for all BMS listed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--env--network))

<a id="nestedatt--env--bms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `env.bms`

Read-Only:

- `bios_configuration` (String) The BIOS configuration of the BMS.
- `bms_type` (String) The type of the BMS.
- `hostname` (String) The hostname of the BMS.
- `os` (String) The OS of the BMS.
- `storage` (Attributes) The storage of the BMS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--env--bms--storage))

<a id="nestedatt--env--bms--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `env.bms.storage`

Read-Only:

- `data` (Attributes List) The data storage of the BMS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--env--bms--storage--data))
- `local` (Attributes List) The local storage of the BMS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--env--bms--storage--local))
- `shared` (Attributes List) The shared storage of the BMS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--env--bms--storage--shared))
- `system` (Attributes List) The system storage of the BMS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--env--bms--storage--system))

<a id="nestedatt--env--bms--storage--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `env.bms.storage.data`

Read-Only:

- `size` (String) The size of the data storage.
- `storage_class` (String) The storage class of the data storage.


<a id="nestedatt--env--bms--storage--local"></a>
### Nested Schema for `env.bms.storage.local`

Read-Only:

- `size` (String) The size of the local storage.
- `storage_class` (String) The storage class of the local storage.


<a id="nestedatt--env--bms--storage--shared"></a>
### Nested Schema for `env.bms.storage.shared`

Read-Only:

- `size` (String) The size of the shared storage.
- `storage_class` (String) The storage class of the shared storage.


<a id="nestedatt--env--bms--storage--system"></a>
### Nested Schema for `env.bms.storage.system`

Read-Only:

- `size` (String) The size of the system storage.
- `storage_class` (String) The storage class of the system storage.




<a id="nestedatt--env--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `env.network`

Read-Only:

- `prefix` (String) The prefix of the network.
- `subnet` (String) The subnet of the network.
- `vlan_id` (String) The VLAN ID of the network.
