---
page_title: "cloudavenue_catalogs Data Source - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "Catalog"
description: |-
  The catalogs datasource show the details of all the catalogs.
---

# cloudavenue_catalogs (Data Source)

The catalogs datasource show the details of all the catalogs.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudavenue_catalogs" "test" {}

output "catalogs_Name" {
  value = data.cloudavenue_catalogs.test.catalogs_name
}

output "catalog_Orange-Linux" {
  value = data.cloudavenue_catalogs.test.catalogs["Orange-Linux"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `catalogs` (Attributes Map) Map of catalogs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--catalogs))
- `catalogs_name` (List of String) List of catalogs name.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--catalogs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `catalogs`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The creation date of the catalog.
- `description` (String) The description of the catalog.
- `id` (String) The ID of the catalog. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `name`, `id`.
- `is_cached` (Boolean) Indicates whether the catalog is cached.
- `is_local` (Boolean) Indicates whether the catalog is local.
- `is_published` (Boolean) Indicates whether the catalog is published.
- `is_shared` (Boolean) Indicates whether the catalog is shared.
- `media_item_list` (List of String) The list of media items in the catalog.
- `name` (String) The name of the catalog. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `name`, `id`.
- `number_of_media` (Number) The number of media in the catalog.
- `owner_name` (String) The owner name of the catalog.
- `preserve_identity_information` (Boolean) Include BIOS UUIDs and MAC addresses in the downloaded OVF package. Preserving the identity information limits the portability of the package and you should use it only when necessary.

