---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cloudavenue_catalog Data Source - cloudavenue"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The catalog data source show the details of the catalog.
---

# cloudavenue_catalog (Data Source)

The catalog data source show the details of the catalog.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the catalog.

### Optional

- `description` (String)

### Read-Only

- `cache_enabled` (Boolean) True enables early catalog export to optimize synchronization
- `catalog_version` (Number) Catalog version number.
- `created` (String) Time stamp of when the catalog was created
- `href` (String) Catalog HREF
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `is_local` (Boolean) True if this catalog belongs to the current organization.
- `is_published` (Boolean) True if this catalog is shared to all organizations.
- `is_shared` (Boolean) True if this catalog is shared.
- `media_item_list` (List of String) List of Media items in this catalog
- `number_of_media` (Number) Number of Medias this catalog contains.
- `owner_name` (String) Owner name from the catalog.
- `preserve_identity_information` (Boolean) Include BIOS UUIDs and MAC addresses in the downloaded OVF package. Preserving the identity information limits the portability of the package and you should use it only when necessary.
- `publish_enabled` (Boolean) True allows to publish a catalog externally to make its vApp templates and media files available for subscription by organizations outside the Cloud Director installation. Default is `false`.
- `publish_subscription_type` (String) PUBLISHED if published externally, SUBSCRIBED if subscribed to an external catalog, UNPUBLISHED otherwise.


