---
page_title: "cloudavenue_edgegateway_app_port_profile Data Source - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "Edge Gateway (Tier-1)"
description: |-
  The cloudavenue_edgegateway_app_port_profile data source allows you to retrieve information about an application port profile.
---


# cloudavenue_edgegateway_app_port_profile (Data Source)

The `cloudavenue_edgegateway_app_port_profile` data source allows you to retrieve information about an application port profile.

The datasource allows you to get the details of a specific app port profile in all scope. The app port profile have 3 types of scope: `TENANT`, `PROVIDER` and `SYSTEM`. The app port profile `name` is unique in the organization by scope.
In the IHM the `Provider` scope is named `Custom Applications` with the **no editable** fields and the `System` scope is named `Default Applications`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudavenue_edgegateway_app_port_profile" "example" {
  name = "HTTP"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `edge_gateway_id` (String) ID of the Edge Gateway. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `edge_gateway_id`, `edge_gateway_name`. This value must start with `urn:vcloud:gateway:`.
- `edge_gateway_name` (String) Name of the Edge Gateway. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `edge_gateway_id`, `edge_gateway_name`.
- `id` (String) The ID of the App Port profile. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `name`, `id`.
- `name` (String) Application Port Profile name. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `name`, `id`.
- `scope` (String) The scope of the application port profile. This attribute is required only if the terraform apply return an error with the message `Multiple App Port Profiles found with the same name`. In this case, you must specify the scope of the application port profile. Value must be one of : `TENANT`, `PROVIDER`, `SYSTEM`.

### Read-Only

- `app_ports` (Attributes List) List of application ports. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--app_ports))
- `description` (String) Application Port Profile description.

<a id="nestedatt--app_ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `app_ports`

Read-Only:

- `ports` (Set of String) Set of destination ports or destination ports ranges.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol of the application port.


## Advanced example

For example if your create an app port profile with name `HTTP`, this application port profile is created in scope `TENANT` but there exists another app port profile with name `HTTP` in scope `SYSTEM`.

```hcl 
data "cloudavenue_edgegateway_app_port_profile" "example" {
  edge_gateway_id = cloudavenue_edgegateway.example.id
  name = "HTTP"
}
```

This configuration will return a error because the app port profile `HTTP` is not unique in the organization.

```
  | Multiple App Port Profiles found with the same name.
  | 
  | Error: Details of the App Port Profiles
  | 
  | [...]
  | 
  | ID: urn:vcloud:applicationPortProfile:13005b14-8398-48e8-b652-21da63d3c6c6
  | Name: HTTP
  | Scope: TENANT
  | 
  | ID: urn:vcloud:applicationPortProfile:4d8cc407-fe83-3a9f-af20-95dfe3a1e9a2
  | Name: HTTP
  | Scope: SYSTEM
  | 
  | Please provide the ID of the App Port Profile to uniquely identify it or add
  | the scope.
```

For retrieving the app port profile in the specific scope, you can use the `scope` attribute.
```hcl
data "cloudavenue_edgegateway_app_port_profile" "example" {
  edge_gateway_id = cloudavenue_edgegateway.example.id
  name = "HTTP"
  scope = "TENANT"
}
```
