---
page_title: "cloudavenue_edgegateway_services Data Source - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "Edge Gateway (Tier-1)"
description: |-
  The cloudavenue_edgegateway_services data source provides details about Edge Gateway network services in CloudAvenue.
---

# cloudavenue_edgegateway_services (Data Source)

The `cloudavenue_edgegateway_services` data source provides details about Edge Gateway network services in CloudAvenue.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudavenue_edgegateway_services" "example" {
  edge_gateway_id = cloudavenue_edgegateway.example.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `edge_gateway_id` (String) Identifier of the Edge Gateway. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `edge_gateway_name`, `edge_gateway_id`.
- `edge_gateway_name` (String) Name of the Edge Gateway. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `edge_gateway_name`, `edge_gateway_id`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the services.
- `ip_address` (String) Dedicated IP address for the CloudAvenue services.
- `network` (String) Allocated network for the CloudAvenue services.
- `services` (Attributes Map) Collection of services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--services))

<a id="nestedatt--services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `services`

Read-Only:

- `network` (String) Network for accessing this category of services.
- `services` (Attributes Map) Details of individual services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--services--services))

<a id="nestedatt--services--services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `services.services`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the service.
- `fqdns` (List of String) List of FQDNs associated with the service.
- `ips` (List of String) List of IP addresses associated with the service.
- `name` (String) Name of the service.
- `ports` (Attributes List) List of ports used by the service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--services--services--ports))

<a id="nestedatt--services--services--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `services.services.ports`

Read-Only:

- `port` (Number) Port number used by the service.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol used by the service (e.g., TCP, UDP). Value must be one of : `tcp`, `udp`.

