---
page_title: "cloudavenue_edgegateway_nat_rule Data Source - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "Edge Gateway (Tier-1)"
description: |-
  The cloudavenue_edgegateway_nat_rule data source allows you to retrieve informations about an EdgeGateway NAT rule.
---

# cloudavenue_edgegateway_nat_rule (Data Source)

The `cloudavenue_edgegateway_nat_rule` data source allows you to retrieve informations about an EdgeGateway NAT rule.

 -> **NAT rules with same name**
 If the NAT rules have the same name, you must use the ID instead of the name to import the rule.
 
```shell
cloudavenue_edgegateway_nat_rule.example: Importing from ID "edgeGatewayIDOrName.dnat1"...
# The following NAT rules with Name 'dnat1' are available
# Please use ID instead of Name in your terraform configuration to pick exact rule
  | Error: Multiple NAT Rules found with the same name
  | 
  | [...]
  |
  | ID                                       NAME         TYPE      
  | c3dcf9f8-77c4-462e-9ca5-2d35a3b04170     SAMENAME     DNAT      
  | 420554b0-50bd-4859-96a7-9a16bdc2fe9a     SAMENAME     DNAT 

```

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudavenue_edgegateway_nat_rule" "example" {
  edge_gateway_name = "myEdgeName"
  name              = "example-snat"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `edge_gateway_id` (String) The ID of the Edge Gateway. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `edge_gateway_name`, `edge_gateway_id`.
- `edge_gateway_name` (String) The Name of the Edge Gateway. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `edge_gateway_name`, `edge_gateway_id`.
- `id` (String) The ID of the NAT rule. Ensure that at least one attribute from this collection is set: [name,id].
- `name` (String) The Name of the NAT rule. Ensure that at least one attribute from this collection is set: [name,id].

### Read-Only

- `app_port_profile_id` (String) Application Port Profile ID to which the rule applies.
- `description` (String) A description of the NAT rule.
- `dnat_external_port` (String) This represents the external port number or port range when doing DNAT port forwarding from external to internal. If not specify, all ports are translated.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable or Disable the NAT rule.
- `external_address` (String) The external address for the NAT Rule. This must be supplied as a single IP or Network CIDR. For a DNAT rule, this is the external facing IP Address for incoming traffic. For an SNAT rule, this is the external facing IP Address for outgoing traffic. These IPs are typically allocated/suballocated IP Addresses on the Edge Gateway. For a REFLEXIVE rule, these are the external facing IPs.
- `firewall_match` (String) You can set a firewall match rule to determine how firewall is applied during NAT.
- `internal_address` (String) The internal address for the NAT Rule. This must be supplied as a single IP or Network CIDR. For a DNAT rule, this is the internal IP address for incoming traffic. For an SNAT rule, this is the internal IP Address for outgoing traffic. For a REFLEXIVE rule, these are the internal IPs. These IPs are typically the Private IPs that are allocated to workloads.
- `priority` (Number) If an address has multiple NAT rule, you can assign these rule different priorities to determine the order in which they are applied. A lower value means a higher priority for this rule.
- `rule_type` (String) NAT rule type.
- `snat_destination_address` (String) The destination addresses to match in the SNAT Rule. This must be supplied as a single IP or Network CIDR. Providing no value for this field results in match with ANY destination network.

