---
page_title: "cloudavenue_edgegateway_vpn_ipsec Data Source - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "Edge Gateway (Tier-1)"
description: |-
  Provides a data source to read IPsec VPN Tunnel configuration of your Edge Gateway.
---

# cloudavenue_edgegateway_vpn_ipsec (Data Source)

Provides a data source to read IPsec VPN Tunnel configuration of your Edge Gateway.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudavenue_edgegateway_vpn_ipsec" "example" {
  edge_gateway_name = cloudavenue_edgegateway.example.name
  name              = "example"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `edge_gateway_id` (String) The ID of the Edge Gateway. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `edge_gateway_name`, `edge_gateway_id`.
- `edge_gateway_name` (String) The Name of the Edge Gateway. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `edge_gateway_name`, `edge_gateway_id`.
- `id` (String) The ID of the IPsec VPN Tunnel Configuration.
- `name` (String) The Name of the IPsec VPN Tunnel Configuration.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) A description of the IPsec VPN Tunnel Configuration.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable or Disable the IPsec VPN Tunnel Configuration.
- `local_ip_address` (String) An IPv4 Address for the local endpoint. This has to be a sub-allocated IP on the Edge Gateway. This endpoint must be reach by the remote endpoint.
- `local_networks` (Set of String) Set of local networks in CIDR format. This local_networks will be exchanged between both sites in order to route ip traffic in VPN tunnel.
- `pre_shared_key` (String, Sensitive) The Pre-Shared Key (PSK) is an Authentication method. Is a complex password (ASCII) that will be exchanged between both sites in order to set up the IPsec tunnel.
- `remote_ip_address` (String) An IPv4 Address for the remote endpoint. This is your remote VPN endpoint you need to reach.
- `remote_networks` (Set of String) Set of remote networks in CIDR format. This remote_networks will be exchanged between both sites in order to route ip traffic in VPN tunnel.
- `security_profile` (Attributes) Customization of your IPSec configuration. The configuration used must be symmetric for both endpoint VPN. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--security_profile))
- `security_type` (String) Type of Security Profile used for the IPsec VPN Tunnel.

<a id="nestedatt--security_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security_profile`

Read-Only:

- `ike_dh_groups` (String) The Diffie-Hellman (DH) key exchange algorithm is a method used to make a shared encryption key available to two entities over an insecure communications channel.
- `ike_digest_algorithm` (String) Secure hashing algorithms to use during the IKE negotiation.
- `ike_encryption_algorithm` (String) Encryption algorithms used by IKE.
- `ike_sa_lifetime` (Number) Security association lifetime in seconds. It is number of seconds before the IPsec tunnel ike part needs to reestablish.
- `ike_version` (String) IKE (Internet Key Exchange) is an encrypt protocol of your VPN data.
- `tunnel_df_policy` (String) Policy for handling defragmentation.
- `tunnel_dh_groups` (String) The Diffie-Hellman (DH) key exchange algorithm is a method used to make a shared encryption key available to two entities over an insecure communications channel.
- `tunnel_digest_algorithms` (String) Digest algorithms to be used for message digest.
- `tunnel_dpd` (Number) Value in seconds of Dead Probe Detection interval.
- `tunnel_encryption_algorithms` (String) Encryption algorithms to use in IPSec tunnel establishment.
- `tunnel_pfs` (Boolean) PFS (Perfect Forward Secrecy) capacity enabled or disabled. It's generates unique private keys for each secure session.
- `tunnel_sa_lifetime` (Number) Security association lifetime in seconds. It is number of seconds before the IPsec tunnel needs to reestablish.

