---
page_title: "cloudavenue_elb_virtual_service Data Source - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "ELB (EdgeGateway Load Balancer)"
description: |-
  Provides a data source to read ELB Virtual services for particular Gateway. A virtual service advertises an IP address and ports to the external world and listens for client traffic. When a virtual service receives traffic, it directs it to members in ELB Pool.
---

# cloudavenue_elb_virtual_service (Data Source)

Provides a data source to read ELB Virtual services for particular Gateway. A virtual service advertises an IP address and ports to the external world and listens for client traffic. When a virtual service receives traffic, it directs it to members in ELB Pool.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudavenue_elb_virtual_service" "example" {
  name            = "example"
  edge_gateway_id = data.cloudavenue_edgegateway.example.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the ELB Virtual Service.

### Optional

- `edge_gateway_id` (String) The ID of the edge gateway on which the ELB Virtual Service is to be created. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `edge_gateway_name`, `edge_gateway_id`.
- `edge_gateway_name` (String) The name of the edge gateway on which the ELB Virtual Service is to be created. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `edge_gateway_name`, `edge_gateway_id`.

### Read-Only

- `certificate_id` (String) The ID of the certificate. The certificate must be uploaded to your certificate library before it can be used. The certificate MUSTN'T be expired.
- `description` (String) The description of the ELB Virtual Service.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Defines if the ELB Virtual Service is enabled.
- `id` (String) The ID of the ELB virtual service.
- `pool_id` (String) The ID of the ELB Server Pool associated.
- `pool_name` (String) The name of the ELB Server Pool associated.
- `service_engine_group_name` (String) The name of the service Engine Group (Take the first one if not specified).
- `service_ports` (Attributes List) The service port of the ELB Virtual Service. The service port is the port on which the virtual service listens for client traffic. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_ports))
- `service_type` (String) The type of the service. The different modes that the ELB supports for handling TCP traffic and various parameters that can be tuned for optimization of the TCP traffic are also detailed here.
- `virtual_ip` (String) The virtual IP address of the ELB Virtual Service.

<a id="nestedatt--service_ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_ports`

Read-Only:

- `end` (Number) The end port of the service port range. If not specified, only the `start` value is used.
- `start` (Number) The start port of the service port range or exact port number if `end` is not set.

