---
page_title: "cloudavenue_elb_policies_http_security Data Source - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "ELB (EdgeGateway Load Balancer)"
description: |-
  The cloudavenue_elb_policies_http_security data source allows you to retrieve information about an existing HTTP security policies.
---

# cloudavenue_elb_policies_http_security (Data Source)

The `cloudavenue_elb_policies_http_security` data source allows you to retrieve information about an existing HTTP security policies.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudavenue_elb_policies_http_security" "example" {
  virtual_service_id = cloudavenue_elb_virtual_service.example.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `virtual_service_id` (String) The ID of the virtual service to which the policies http security belongs. The value must respect the following rule : must be a valid URN. This value must start with `urn:vcloud:loadBalancerVirtualService:`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the policies http security.
- `policies` (Attributes List) HTTP security policies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies))

<a id="nestedatt--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies`

Read-Only:

- `actions` (Attributes) Actions to perform when the rule matches. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--actions))
- `active` (Boolean) Whether the policy is enable or not.
- `criteria` (Attributes) Match criteria for the HTTP security. The criteria is used to match the request and determine if the action should be applied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--criteria))
- `logging` (Boolean) Whether to enable logging with headers on rule match or not.
- `name` (String) Policy name, it must be unique within the virtual service's HTTP security policies.

<a id="nestedatt--policies--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.actions`

Read-Only:

- `connection` (String) Connection action to perform.
- `rate_limit` (Attributes) The rate_limit allows you to specify an action to take when the rate limit is reached. A rate limit defines the maximum number of requests permitted within a specific time frame. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--actions--rate_limit))
- `redirect_to_https` (Number) A port number, when set, configures the rule to redirect matching HTTP requests to HTTPS on the specified port.
- `send_response` (Attributes) Send a customized response. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--actions--send_response))

<a id="nestedatt--policies--actions--rate_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.actions.rate_limit`

Read-Only:

- `close_connection` (Boolean) Close connection when the rate limit is reached.
- `count` (Number) Number of requests.
- `local_response` (Attributes) Local response action can be used to send a customized response when the rate limit is reached. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--actions--rate_limit--local_response))
- `period` (Number) Period in seconds.
- `redirect` (Attributes) Redirects the request to different location when the rate limit is reached. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--actions--rate_limit--redirect))

<a id="nestedatt--policies--actions--rate_limit--local_response"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.actions.rate_limit.local_response`

Read-Only:

- `content` (String) Content of the response must be a base64 encoded string.
- `content_type` (String) Mime type of content.
- `status_code` (Number) HTTP status code to return.


<a id="nestedatt--policies--actions--rate_limit--redirect"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.actions.rate_limit.redirect`

Read-Only:

- `host` (String) Host to which redirect the request. Default is the original host.
- `keep_query` (Boolean) Keep or drop the query of the incoming request URI in the redirected URI.
- `path` (String) Path to which redirect the request. Default is the original path.
- `port` (Number) Port to which redirect the request.
- `protocol` (String) HTTP protocol.
- `status_code` (Number) Redirect status code.



<a id="nestedatt--policies--actions--send_response"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.actions.send_response`

Read-Only:

- `content` (String) Content of the response.
- `content_type` (String) Mime type of content.
- `status_code` (Number) HTTP status code to return.



<a id="nestedatt--policies--criteria"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.criteria`

Read-Only:

- `client_ip` (Attributes) Match the rule based on client IP address rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--criteria--client_ip))
- `cookie` (Attributes) Match the rule based on cookie rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--criteria--cookie))
- `http_methods` (Attributes) Match the rule based on HTTP method rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--criteria--http_methods))
- `path` (Attributes) Match the rule based on path rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--criteria--path))
- `protocol` (String) Protocol to match. Only HTTP application layer protocol (OSI 7) are supported.
- `query` (Set of String) Text contained in the query string.
- `request_headers` (Attributes Set) Match the rule based on request headers rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--criteria--request_headers))
- `service_ports` (Attributes) Match the rule based on service port rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--criteria--service_ports))

<a id="nestedatt--policies--criteria--client_ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.criteria.client_ip`

Read-Only:

- `criteria` (String) Criteria to match.
- `ip_addresses` (Set of String) IP addresses to match.


<a id="nestedatt--policies--criteria--cookie"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.criteria.cookie`

Read-Only:

- `criteria` (String) Criteria to match.
- `name` (String) Name of the cookie to match.
- `value` (String) Value of the cookie to match.


<a id="nestedatt--policies--criteria--http_methods"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.criteria.http_methods`

Read-Only:

- `criteria` (String) Criteria to match.
- `methods` (Set of String) Methods to match.


<a id="nestedatt--policies--criteria--path"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.criteria.path`

Read-Only:

- `criteria` (String) Criteria to match.
- `paths` (Set of String) A set of paths to match given criteria.


<a id="nestedatt--policies--criteria--request_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.criteria.request_headers`

Read-Only:

- `criteria` (String) Criteria to match.
- `name` (String) Name of the HTTP header whose value is to be matched.
- `values` (Set of String) Values of the HTTP header to match.


<a id="nestedatt--policies--criteria--service_ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.criteria.service_ports`

Read-Only:

- `criteria` (String) Criteria to match.
- `ports` (Set of Number) A port list allows you to define which service ports (e.g.: [80, 443] ) the HTTP security policy should match.

