---
page_title: "cloudavenue_elb_pool Data Source - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "ELB (EdgeGateway Load Balancer)"
description: |-
  The cloudavenue_elb_pool data source allows you to retrieve information about an existing edgegateway load balancer pool.
---

# cloudavenue_elb_pool (Data Source)

The `cloudavenue_elb_pool` data source allows you to retrieve information about an existing edgegateway load balancer pool.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudavenue_elb_pool" "example" {
  name            = "example"
  edge_gateway_id = cloudavenue_edge_gateway.example.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the pool.

### Optional

- `edge_gateway_id` (String) The ID of the Edge Gateway. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `edge_gateway_name`, `edge_gateway_id`.
- `edge_gateway_name` (String) The name of the Edge Gateway. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `edge_gateway_name`, `edge_gateway_id`.

### Read-Only

- `algorithm` (String) The heart of a load balancer is its ability to effectively distribute traffic across healthy servers. If persistence is enabled, only the first connection from a client is load balanced. While the persistence remains in effect, subsequent connections or requests from a client are directed to the same server.
- `default_port` (Number) DefaultPort defines destination server port used by the traffic sent to the member.
- `description` (String) The name of the pool.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the pool.
- `health` (Attributes) . (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--health))
- `id` (String) The ID of the pool.
- `members` (Attributes) . (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--members))
- `persistence` (Attributes) . (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--persistence))
- `tls` (Attributes) . (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--health"></a>
### Nested Schema for `health`

Read-Only:

- `monitors` (List of String) The active health monitors.
- `passive_monitoring_enabled` (Boolean) PassiveMonitoringEnabled sets if client traffic should be used to check if pool member is up or down.


<a id="nestedatt--members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `members`

Read-Only:

- `graceful_timeout_period` (String) Maximum time (in minutes) to gracefully disable a member. Virtual service waits for the specified time before terminating the existing connections to the members that are disabled. Special values: `0` represents `Immediate` and `-1` represents `Infinite`. The maximum value is `7200` minutes.
- `target_group` (String) The group contains reference to the Edge Firewall Group representing destination servers which are used by the Load Balancer Pool to direct load balanced traffic. This permit to reference `IP Set` or `Static Group` ID.
- `targets` (Attributes List) targets field defines list of destination servers which are used by the Load Balancer Pool to direct load balanced traffic. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--members--targets))

<a id="nestedatt--members--targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `members.targets`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the member.
- `ip_address` (String) The IP address of the member.
- `port` (Number) The port of the member.
- `ratio` (Number) The ratio of the member. The ratio of each pool member denotes the traffic that goes to each server pool member. A server with a ratio of 2 gets twice as much traffic as a server with a ratio of 1.



<a id="nestedatt--persistence"></a>
### Nested Schema for `persistence`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) The type of the persistence.
- `value` (String) The value of the persistence.


<a id="nestedatt--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tls`

Read-Only:

- `ca_certificate_refs` (List of String) The CA certificate references point to root certificates to use when validating certificates presented by the pool members.
- `common_name_check_enabled` (Boolean) Enable common name check for server certificate. If enabled and no explicit domain name is specified, the incoming host header will be used to do the match.
- `domain_names` (List of String) The domain names of the TLS check. This attribute is taken into account if the `common_name_check_enabled` is set to `true`.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the TLS.

