---
page_title: "cloudavenue_network_firewall Data Source - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "Network"
description: |-
  The firewall data source allows you to retrieve information about an Firewall.
---

# cloudavenue_network_firewall (Data Source)

The firewall data source allows you to retrieve information about an Firewall.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudavenue_edgegateways" "example" {}

data "cloudavenue_network_firewall" "example" {
  edge_gateway_id = data.cloudavenue_edgegateways.example.edge_gateways[0].id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `edge_gateway_id` (String) The ID of the Edge Gateway. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `edge_gateway_name`, `edge_gateway_id`.
- `edge_gateway_name` (String) The name of the Edge Gateway. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `edge_gateway_name`, `edge_gateway_id`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the network.
- `rules` (Attributes List) The list of rules to apply to the firewall. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Defines if the rule should `ALLOW` or `DROP` matching traffic.
- `app_port_profile_ids` (Set of String) A set of Application Port Profile IDs. Leaving it empty means `Any` (all).
- `destination_ids` (Set of String) A set of Destination Firewall Group IDs (`IP Sets` or `Security Groups`). Leaving it empty means `Any` (all).
- `direction` (String) The direction of the rule.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Defines if the rule is enabled or not.
- `id` (String) The ID of the rule.
- `ip_protocol` (String) The IP protocol of the rule.
- `logging` (Boolean) Defines if the rule should log matching traffic.
- `name` (String) The name of the rule.
- `source_ids` (Set of String) A set of Source Firewall Group IDs (`IP Sets` or `Security Groups`). Leaving it empty means `Any` (all).

