---
page_title: "cloudavenue_s3_bucket_cors_configuration Data Source - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "S3 (Object Storage)"
description: |-
  The cloudavenue_s3_bucket_cors_configuration data source allows you to retrieve information about an S3 bucket's Cross-Origin Resource Sharing https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/cors.html configuration.
---

# cloudavenue_s3_bucket_cors_configuration (Data Source)

The `cloudavenue_s3_bucket_cors_configuration` data source allows you to retrieve information about an S3 bucket's [Cross-Origin Resource Sharing](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/cors.html) configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudavenue_s3_bucket_cors_configuration" "example" {
  bucket = "example"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bucket` (String) The name of the bucket.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `cors_rules` (Attributes Set) Set of origins and methods (cross-origin access that you want to allow). Set must contain at least 1 elements and at most 100 elements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cors_rules))
- `id` (String) The ID of the bucket.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--cors_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cors_rules`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_headers` (Set of String) Set of Headers that are specified in the Access-Control-Request-Headers header.
- `allowed_methods` (Set of String) Set of HTTP methods that you allow the origin to execute.
- `allowed_origins` (Set of String) Set of origins you want customers to be able to access the bucket from.
- `expose_headers` (Set of String) Set of headers in the response that you want customers to be able to access from their applications (for example, from a JavaScript XMLHttpRequest object).
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the rule.
- `max_age_seconds` (Number) Time in seconds that your browser is to cache the preflight response for the specified resource.

