---
page_title: "cloudavenue_s3_bucket_website_configuration Data Source - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "S3 (Object Storage)"
description: |-
  The cloudavenue_s3_bucket_website_configuration data source allows you to retrieve information about a configuration of static websites content. For more information https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/WebsiteHosting.html
---

# cloudavenue_s3_bucket_website_configuration (Data Source)

The `cloudavenue_s3_bucket_website_configuration` data source allows you to retrieve information about a configuration of static websites content. [For more information](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/WebsiteHosting.html)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudavenue_s3_bucket_website_configuration" "example" {
  bucket = cloudavenue_s3_bucket.example.name
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bucket` (String) The name of the bucket.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `error_document` (Attributes) The name of the error document for the website. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--error_document))
- `id` (String) The ID of the bucket website. This is the same as the bucket name.
- `index_document` (Attributes) The name of the index document. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--index_document))
- `redirect_all_requests_to` (Attributes) Redirect behavior for every request to this bucket's website endpoint. [For more information](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_website_configuration#redirect_all_requests_to). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--redirect_all_requests_to))
- `routing_rules` (Attributes Set) Rules that define when a redirect is applied and the redirect behavior. [For more information](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_website_configuration#routing_rule). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--routing_rules))
- `website_endpoint` (String) The website endpoint.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--error_document"></a>
### Nested Schema for `error_document`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key of the error document.


<a id="nestedatt--index_document"></a>
### Nested Schema for `index_document`

Read-Only:

- `suffix` (String) The suffix of the index document.


<a id="nestedatt--redirect_all_requests_to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `redirect_all_requests_to`

Read-Only:

- `hostname` (String) Name of the host where requests will be redirected.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol to use when redirecting requests. The default is the protocol that is used in the original request.


<a id="nestedatt--routing_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routing_rules`

Read-Only:

- `condition` (Attributes) Configuration block for describing a condition that must be met for the specified redirect to apply. [For more information](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_website_configuration#condition). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--routing_rules--condition))
- `redirect` (Attributes) Configuration block for redirecting all requests to another host instead of the original host. [For more information](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_website_configuration#redirect). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--routing_rules--redirect))

<a id="nestedatt--routing_rules--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routing_rules.condition`

Read-Only:

- `http_error_code_returned_equals` (String) The HTTP error code when the redirect is applied. In the event of an error, if the error code equals this value, then the specified redirect is applied. Required when parent element `key_prefix_equals` is specified and parent element `http_redirect` is not.
- `key_prefix_equals` (String) The object key name prefix when the redirect is applied. For example, to redirect requests for `ExamplePage.html`, the key prefix will be `ExamplePage.html`. To redirect request for all pages with the prefix `docs/`, the key prefix will be `docs`, which identifies all objects in the docs/ folder.


<a id="nestedatt--routing_rules--redirect"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routing_rules.redirect`

Read-Only:

- `hostname` (String) Name of the host where requests will be redirected.
- `http_redirect_code` (String) HTTP redirect code to use on the response.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol to use when redirecting requests. The default is the protocol that is used in the original request.
- `replace_key_prefix_with` (String) Object key prefix to use in the redirect request. For example, to redirect requests for all pages with prefix `docs/` (objects in the `docs/` folder) to `documents/`, you can set a condition block with `key_prefix_equals` set to `docs/` and in the redirect set `replace_key_prefix_with` to `/documents`.
- `replace_key_with` (String) Specific object key to use in the redirect request. For example, redirect request to `error.html`.

