---
page_title: "cloudavenue_s3_bucket_lifecycle_configuration Data Source - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "S3 (Object Storage)"
description: |-
  The cloudavenue_s3_bucket_lifecycle_configuration data source allows you to retrieve information about an S3 bucket's lifecycle configuration.
---

# cloudavenue_s3_bucket_lifecycle_configuration (Data Source)

The `cloudavenue_s3_bucket_lifecycle_configuration` data source allows you to retrieve information about an S3 bucket's lifecycle configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudavenue_s3_bucket_lifecycle_configuration" "example" {
  bucket = cloudavenue_s3_bucket.example.name
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bucket` (String) The name of the bucket.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID is a bucket name.
- `rules` (Attributes List) Rules that define lifecycle configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Read-Only:

- `abort_incomplete_multipart_upload` (Attributes) Configuration block that specifies the days since the initiation of an incomplete multipart upload that S3 will wait before permanently removing all parts of the upload. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--abort_incomplete_multipart_upload))
- `expiration` (Attributes) Configuration block that specifies the expiration for the lifecycle of the object in the form of date, days and, whether the object has a delete marker. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--expiration))
- `filter` (Attributes) Configuration block used to identify objects that a Lifecycle Rule applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--filter))
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the rule.
- `noncurrent_version_expiration` (Attributes) Configuration block that specifies when noncurrent object versions expire. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--noncurrent_version_expiration))
- `status` (String) Whether the rule is currently being applied.

<a id="nestedatt--rules--abort_incomplete_multipart_upload"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.abort_incomplete_multipart_upload`

Optional:

- `days_after_initiation` (Number) Number of days after which S3 aborts an incomplete multipart upload.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--expiration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.expiration`

Read-Only:

- `date` (String) Date the object is to be moved or deleted. The date value must be in [RFC3339 full-date format](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3339#section-5.6) e.g. `2023-10-10T00:00:00Z`.
- `days` (Number) Lifetime, in days, of the objects that are subject to the rule. The value must be a non-zero positive integer.
- `expired_object_delete_marker` (Boolean) Indicates whether S3 will remove a delete marker with no noncurrent versions. If set to `true`, the delete marker will be expired, if set to `false` the policy takes no action.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.filter`

Read-Only:

- `and` (Attributes) Configuration block used to apply a logical AND to two or more predicates. The Lifecycle Rule will apply to any object matching all the predicates configured inside the and block. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--filter--and))
- `prefix` (String) Match objects with this prefix.
- `tag` (Attributes) Specifies object tag key and value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--filter--tag))

<a id="nestedatt--rules--filter--and"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.filter.and`

Read-Only:

- `prefix` (String) Match objects with this prefix.
- `tags` (Attributes List) Specifies object tag key and value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--filter--and--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--rules--filter--and--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.filter.and.tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Object tag key.
- `value` (String) Object tag value.



<a id="nestedatt--rules--filter--tag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.filter.tag`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Object tag key.
- `value` (String) Object tag value.



<a id="nestedatt--rules--noncurrent_version_expiration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.noncurrent_version_expiration`

Read-Only:

- `newer_noncurrent_versions` (Number) Number of noncurrent versions S3 will retain.
- `noncurrent_days` (Number) Number of days an object is noncurrent before S3 can perform the associated action. Must be a positive integer.

