---
page_title: "cloudavenue_s3_bucket_acl Data Source - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "S3 (Object Storage)"
description: |-
  The cloudavenue_s3_bucket_acl data source allows you to retrieve information about an existing S3 (object storage) buckets ACL (Access Control List).
---

# cloudavenue_s3_bucket_acl (Data Source)

The `cloudavenue_s3_bucket_acl` data source allows you to retrieve information about an existing S3 (object storage) buckets ACL (Access Control List).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudavenue_s3_bucket_acl" "example" {
  bucket = cloudavenue_s3_bucket.example.name
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bucket` (String) The Name of the bucket.

### Optional

- `acl` (String) The ACL applied to the bucket.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `access_control_policy` (Attributes) A configuration block that sets the ACL permissions for an object per grantee. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_control_policy))
- `id` (String) The ID of the S3 bucket acl. The ID is same as bucket name.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--access_control_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_control_policy`

Read-Only:

- `grants` (Attributes Set) A configuration block that sets Grant ACL permissions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_control_policy--grants))
- `owner` (Attributes) A configuration block of the bucket owner's display name and ID. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_control_policy--owner))

<a id="nestedatt--access_control_policy--grants"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_control_policy.grants`

Read-Only:

- `grantee` (Attributes) A configuration block that sets the ACL permissions for an object per grantee. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_control_policy--grants--grantee))
- `permission` (String) The following list shows each access policy permissions supported. [For more information](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/acl-overview.html).

<a id="nestedatt--access_control_policy--grants--grantee"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_control_policy.grants.grantee`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The display name of the grantee.
- `email_address` (String) The email address of the grantee.
- `id` (String) The ID of the grantee.
- `type` (String) The type of grantee specified.
- `uri` (String) The URI of the grantee.



<a id="nestedatt--access_control_policy--owner"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_control_policy.owner`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The display name of the bucket owner.
- `id` (String) The ID of the bucket owner.

