---
page_title: "cloudavenue_storage_profile Data Source - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "Storage"
description: |-
  The cloudavenue_storage_profile data source can be used to access information about a storage profile in a VDC.
---

# cloudavenue_storage_profile (Data Source)

The `cloudavenue_storage_profile` data source can be used to access information about a storage profile in a VDC.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudavenue_storage_profile" "example" {
  name = "gold"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of storage profile.

### Optional

- `vdc` (String) The name of vDC to use, optional if defined at provider level.

### Read-Only

- `default` (Boolean) Indicates whether this is the default storage profile for the VDC.
- `default_disk_iops` (Number) Value of 0 for disk IOPS means that no IOPS would be reserved or provisioned for that virtual disk.
- `disk_iops_per_gb_max` (Number) The maximum IOPS per GB value that this storage profile is permitted to deliver. Value of 0 means this max setting is disabled and there is no max disk IOPS per GB restriction.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether this storage profile is enabled for the VDC.
- `id` (String) ID of storage profile.
- `iops_allocated` (Number) Total IOPS currently allocated to this storage profile.
- `iops_limit` (Number) Maximum number of IOPs that can be allocated for this profile. `0` means `maximum possible`.
- `iops_limiting_enabled` (Boolean) True if this storage profile is IOPS-based placement enabled.
- `limit` (Number) Maximum number of storage bytes (scaled by 'units' field) allocated for this profile. `0` means `maximum possible`.
- `maximum_disk_iops` (Number) The maximum IOPS value that this storage profile is permitted to deliver. Value of 0 means this max setting is disabled and there is no max disk IOPS restriction.
- `units` (String) Scale used to define Limit.
- `used_storage` (Number) Storage used, in Megabytes, by the storage profile.

