---
page_title: "cloudavenue_tier0_vrf Data Source - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "Provider Gateway (Tier-0)"
description: |-
  The Tier-0 data source retrieve informations about a Tier-0. It can be used to retrieve the Tier-0 by its name, edge gateway ID or edge gateway name.
---

# cloudavenue_tier0_vrf (Data Source)

The Tier-0 data source retrieve informations about a Tier-0. It can be used to retrieve the Tier-0 by its name, edge gateway ID or edge gateway name.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Retrieving a CloudAvenue Tier-0 by Edge Gateway ID
data "cloudavenue_tier0_vrf" "example" {
  edge_gateway_id = cloudavenue_edgegateway.example.id
}

# Retrieving a CloudAvenue Tier-0 by Edge Gateway Name
data "cloudavenue_tier0_vrf" "example" {
  edge_gateway_name = cloudavenue_edgegateway.example.name
}

# Retrieving a CloudAvenue Tier-0 by Name
data "cloudavenue_tier0_vrf" "example" {
  name = "prvrf01eocb0001234allsp01"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `edge_gateway_id` (String) The ID of the Edge Gateway where the Tier-0 is located. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `name`, `edge_gateway_id`, `edge_gateway_name`.
- `edge_gateway_name` (String) The name of the Edge Gateway where the Tier-0 is located. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `name`, `edge_gateway_id`, `edge_gateway_name`.
- `name` (String) The name of the Tier-0. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `name`, `edge_gateway_id`, `edge_gateway_name`.

### Read-Only

- `bandwidth` (Attributes) The bandwidth information for the Tier-0. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bandwidth))
- `class_service` (String) The class service associated with the Tier-0.
- `edgegateways` (Attributes List) List of Edge Gateways where the Tier-0 is located. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--edgegateways))
- `id` (String) The ID of the Tier-0.

<a id="nestedatt--bandwidth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bandwidth`

Read-Only:

- `allow_unlimited` (Boolean) Indicates if unlimited bandwidth is allowed for the Tier-0.
- `allowed_bandwidth_values` (List of Number) The allowed bandwidth values for the new edge gateway in Mbps.
- `capacity` (Number) The total bandwidth capacity for the Tier-0 in Mbps.
- `provisioned` (Number) The total bandwidth provisioned for the Tier-0 across all edge gateways in Mbps.
- `remaining` (Number) The remaining bandwidth that can be allocated to the new edge gateway in Mbps.


<a id="nestedatt--edgegateways"></a>
### Nested Schema for `edgegateways`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_bandwidth_values` (List of Number) The allowed bandwidth values for the Edge Gateway in Mbps.
- `bandwidth` (Number) The bandwidth allocated to the Edge Gateway in Mbps.
- `id` (String) The ID of the Edge Gateway.
- `name` (String) The name of the Edge Gateway.

