---
page_title: "cloudavenue_tier0_vrfs Data Source - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "Provider Gateway (Tier-0)"
description: |-
  The Tier-0 VRFs data source allow access to a list of Tier-0 that can be accessed by the user.
---

# cloudavenue_tier0_vrfs (Data Source)

The Tier-0 VRFs data source allow access to a list of Tier-0 that can be accessed by the user.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudavenue_tier0_vrfs" "example" {}

output "vrfs" {
  value = data.cloudavenue_tier0_vrfs.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the Tier-0 VRFs. This is a generated ID only used to identify the resource in the provider.
- `names` (List of String) List of Tier-0 VRFs names.
- `t0s` (Attributes List) List of Tier-0 VRFs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--t0s))

<a id="nestedatt--t0s"></a>
### Nested Schema for `t0s`

Optional:

- `edge_gateway_id` (String) The ID of the Edge Gateway where the Tier-0 is located. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `name`, `edge_gateway_id`, `edge_gateway_name`.
- `edge_gateway_name` (String) The name of the Edge Gateway where the Tier-0 is located. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `name`, `edge_gateway_id`, `edge_gateway_name`.
- `name` (String) The name of the Tier-0. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `name`, `edge_gateway_id`, `edge_gateway_name`.

Read-Only:

- `bandwidth` (Attributes) The bandwidth information for the Tier-0. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--t0s--bandwidth))
- `class_service` (String) The class service associated with the Tier-0.
- `edgegateways` (Attributes List) List of Edge Gateways where the Tier-0 is located. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--t0s--edgegateways))
- `id` (String) The ID of the Tier-0.

<a id="nestedatt--t0s--bandwidth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `t0s.bandwidth`

Read-Only:

- `allow_unlimited` (Boolean) Indicates if unlimited bandwidth is allowed for the Tier-0.
- `allowed_bandwidth_values` (List of Number) The allowed bandwidth values for the new edge gateway in Mbps.
- `capacity` (Number) The total bandwidth capacity for the Tier-0 in Mbps.
- `provisioned` (Number) The total bandwidth provisioned for the Tier-0 across all edge gateways in Mbps.
- `remaining` (Number) The remaining bandwidth that can be allocated to the new edge gateway in Mbps.


<a id="nestedatt--t0s--edgegateways"></a>
### Nested Schema for `t0s.edgegateways`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_bandwidth_values` (List of Number) The allowed bandwidth values for the Edge Gateway in Mbps.
- `bandwidth` (Number) The bandwidth allocated to the Edge Gateway in Mbps.
- `id` (String) The ID of the Edge Gateway.
- `name` (String) The name of the Edge Gateway.

