---
page_title: "cloudavenue_vdc_group Data Source - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "vDC (Virtual Datacenter)"
description: |-
  Provides a data source to read vDC group and reference in other resources.
---

# cloudavenue_vdc_group (Data Source)

Provides a data source to read vDC group and reference in other resources.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudavenue_vdc_group" "example" {
	name = "MyVDCGroup"
}
```

### With existing vDC

```terraform
data "cloudavenue_vdc" "example" {
	name = "VDC_Frangipane"
}

data "cloudavenue_vdc_group" "example" {
  name = data.cloudavenue_vdc.example.vdc_group
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `name` (String) The name of the vDC Group.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) The description of the vDC Group.
- `dfw_enabled` (Boolean) Distributed firewall status.
- `error_message` (String) The name of the vDC Group.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `local_egress` (Boolean) Status whether local egress is enabled for a universal router belonging to a universal VDC group.
- `network_pool_id` (String) ID of used network pool of the vDC Group.
- `network_pool_universal_id` (String) The network provider’s universal id that is backing the universal network pool.
- `network_provider_type` (String) Defines the networking provider backing the VDC Group.
- `status` (String) The status that the group can be in 'SAVING', 'SAVED', 'CONFIGURING', 'REALIZED', 'REALIZATION_FAILED', 'DELETING', 'DELETE_FAILED', 'OBJECT_NOT_FOUND', 'UNCONFIGURED'
- `type` (String) The type of the vDC Group (e.g. 'LOCAL', 'UNIVERSAL').
- `universal_networking_enabled` (Boolean) True means that a VDC group router has been created.
- `vdcs` (Attributes List) The list of organization vDCs that are participating in this group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vdcs))

<a id="nestedatt--vdcs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vdcs`

Read-Only:

- `fault_domain_tag` (String) Represents the fault domain of a given organization vDC
- `id` (String) vDC ID
- `is_remote_org` (Boolean) Specifies whether the vDC is local to this VCD site
- `name` (String) vDC name.
- `network_provider_scope` (String) Specifies the network provider scope of the vDC
- `site_id` (String) Site vDC belongs.
- `site_name` (String) Site vDC belongs.
- `status` (String) The status that the vDC can be in 'SAVING', 'SAVED', 'CONFIGURING', 'REALIZED', 'REALIZATION_FAILED', 'DELETING', 'DELETE_FAILED', 'OBJECT_NOT_FOUND', 'UNCONFIGURED'

