---
page_title: "cloudavenue_vdcg_network_routed Data Source - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "vDC Group (Virtual Datacenter Group)"
description: |-
  The cloudavenue_vdcg_network_routed data source allows you to retrieve information about an existing routed network within the VDC Group scope. If you want to retrieve information about a routed network in the vdc scope, please use the cloudavenue_edgegateway_network_routed https://registry.terraform.io/providers/orange-cloudavenue/cloudavenue/latest/docs/data-sources/edgegateway_network_routed data source.
---

# cloudavenue_vdcg_network_routed (Data Source)

The `cloudavenue_vdcg_network_routed` data source allows you to retrieve information about an existing routed network within the VDC Group scope. If you want to retrieve information about a routed network in the vdc scope, please use the [`cloudavenue_edgegateway_network_routed`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/orange-cloudavenue/cloudavenue/latest/docs/data-sources/edgegateway_network_routed) data source.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudavenue_vdcg_network_routed" "example" {
  name              = "example"
  vdc_group_id      = cloudavenue_vdcg.example.id
  edge_gateway_name = cloudavenue_edgegateway.example.name
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `edge_gateway_id` (String) The ID of the edge gateway in which the routed network should be connected. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `edge_gateway_id`, `edge_gateway_name`.
- `edge_gateway_name` (String) The name of the edge gateway in which the routed network should be connected. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `edge_gateway_id`, `edge_gateway_name`.
- `id` (String) The ID of the network routed.
- `name` (String) The name of the network routed.
- `vdc_group_id` (String) The ID of the VDC Group in which the routed network should be located. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `vdc_group_id`, `vdc_group_name`.
- `vdc_group_name` (String) The name of the VDC Group in which the routed network should be located. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `vdc_group_id`, `vdc_group_name`.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) A description of the network.
- `dns1` (String) The primary DNS server IP address for the network.
- `dns2` (String) The secondary DNS server IP address for the network.
- `dns_suffix` (String) The DNS suffix for the network.
- `gateway` (String) The gateway IP address for the network. This value define also the network IP range with the prefix length. (e.g. 192.168.1.1 with prefix length 24 for netmask, define the network IP range 192.168.1.0/24 with the gateway 192.168.1.1).
- `guest_vlan_allowed` (Boolean) Indicates if the network allows guest VLANs.
- `prefix_length` (Number) The prefix length for the network. This value must be a valid prefix length for the network IP range. (e.g. /24 for netmask 255.255.255.0).
- `static_ip_pool` (Attributes Set) A set of static IP pools to be used for this network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--static_ip_pool))

<a id="nestedatt--static_ip_pool"></a>
### Nested Schema for `static_ip_pool`

Read-Only:

- `end_address` (String) The end address of the IP pool. This value must be a valid IP address in the network IP range.
- `start_address` (String) The start address of the IP pool. This value must be a valid IP address in the network IP range.

