---
page_title: "cloudavenue_vdcg_dynamic_security_group Data Source - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "vDC Group (Virtual Datacenter Group)"
description: |-
  The cloudavenue_vdcg_dynamic_security_group data source allows you to retrieve information about an existing dynamic security group in the VDC Group.
---

# cloudavenue_vdcg_dynamic_security_group (Data Source)

The `cloudavenue_vdcg_dynamic_security_group` data source allows you to retrieve information about an existing dynamic security group in the VDC Group.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudavenue_vdcg_dynamic_security_group" "example" {
  name           = "my-dynamic-security-group"
  vdc_group_name = cloudavenue_vdcg.example.name
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The ID of the dynamic security group. Ensure that at least one attribute from this collection is set: [id,name].
- `name` (String) The name of the dynamic security group. Ensure that at least one attribute from this collection is set: [id,name].
- `vdc_group_id` (String) The ID of the VDC Group to which the dynamic security group belongs. Ensure that at least one attribute from this collection is set: [vdc_group_name,vdc_group_id]. This value must start with `urn:vcloud:vdcGroup:`.
- `vdc_group_name` (String) The name of the VDC Group to which the dynamic security group belongs. Ensure that at least one attribute from this collection is set: [vdc_group_name,vdc_group_id].

### Read-Only

- `criteria` (Attributes List) The list of dynamic criteria that determines whether a VM belongs to a dynamic firewall group. A VM needs to meet at least one criteria to belong to the firewall group. In other words, the logical AND is used for rules within a single criteria and the logical OR is used in between each criteria. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--criteria))
- `description` (String) The description of the dynamic security group.

<a id="nestedatt--criteria"></a>
### Nested Schema for `criteria`

Read-Only:

- `rules` (Attributes List) The list of rules that determine whether a VM belongs to a dynamic firewall group. A VM needs to meet all rules within a single criteria to belong to the firewall group. In other words, the logical AND is used for rules within a single criteria and the logical OR is used in between each criteria. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--criteria--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--criteria--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `criteria.rules`

Read-Only:

- `operator` (String) The operator to use to evaluate the `value`.
- `type` (String) The type of the rule.
- `value` (String) String to evaluate by given `type` and `operator`.
