---
page_title: "cloudavenue_vdcgs Data Source - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "vDC Group (Virtual Datacenter Group)"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about one or more existing Virtual Data Center Group (VDC Group) in Cloud Avenue.
---

# cloudavenue_vdcgs (Data Source)

Retrieves information about one or more existing Virtual Data Center Group (VDC Group) in Cloud Avenue.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudavenue_vdcgs" "example" {
  filter_by_name = "example" // strict match
}

data "cloudavenue_vdcgs" "example_wildcard" {
  filter_by_name = "production-*" // Match with wildcard
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter_by_id` (String) Specifies the identifier of the Virtual Data Center Group (VDCG) used to filter VDC Groups. If no filter is apply, all vdcgroup will be listed. Must be a valid URN. This value must start with `urn:vcloud:vdcGroup:`.
- `filter_by_name` (String) Name of the Virtual Data Center Group (VDCG) used to filter VDC Groups. Supports partial matches using the `*` wildcard. If no filter is apply, all vdcgroup will be listed.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier generated for the VDC Group list.
- `vdc_groups` (Attributes Set) A set of Virtual Data Center (VDC) IDs that are members of this VDC Group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vdc_groups))

<a id="nestedatt--vdc_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vdc_groups`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Detailed description of the Virtual Data Center Group (VDCG) and its purpose.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the Virtual Data Center Group (VDCG).
- `name` (String) Name assigned to the Virtual Data Center Group (VDCG).
- `number_of_vdcs` (Number) The total number of Virtual Data Centers (VDCs) that are part of this VDC Group.
- `vdcs` (Attributes Set) A set of Virtual Data Center (VDC) IDs that are members of this VDC Group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vdc_groups--vdcs))

<a id="nestedatt--vdc_groups--vdcs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vdc_groups.vdcs`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the Virtual Data Center (VDC).
- `name` (String) Name assigned to the Virtual Data Center (VDC).
