---
page_title: "cloudavenue_vdcg_firewall Data Source - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "vDC Group (Virtual Datacenter Group)"
description: |-
  The cloudavenue_vdcg_firewall data source allows you to retrieve information about an existing firewall in a VDC Group.
---

# cloudavenue_vdcg_firewall (Data Source)

The `cloudavenue_vdcg_firewall` data source allows you to retrieve information about an existing firewall in a VDC Group.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudavenue_vdcg_firewall" "example" {
  vdc_group_name = cloudavenue_vdcg.example.name
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `vdc_group_id` (String) The ID of the VDC Group to which the firewall belongs. Ensure that at least one attribute from this collection is set: [vdc_group_name,vdc_group_id]. This value must start with `urn:vcloud:vdcGroup:`.
- `vdc_group_name` (String) The name of the VDC Group to which the firewall belongs. Ensure that at least one attribute from this collection is set: [vdc_group_name,vdc_group_id].

### Read-Only

- `enabled` (Boolean) Defines if the firewall is enabled or not.
- `id` (String) The ID of the firewall. The firewall does not have an ID. It is identified by the VDC Group ID.
- `rules` (Attributes List) The list of rules to apply to the firewall. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Defines if the rule should matching traffic.
- `app_port_profile_ids` (Set of String) A set of [Application Port Profile](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/orange-cloudavenue/cloudavenue/latest/docs/resources/vdcg_app_port_profile) IDs. Leaving it empty means `Any` (all).
- `destination_groups_excluded` (Boolean) Reverses value of `destination_ids` for the rule to match everything except specified IDs.
- `destination_ids` (Set of String) A set of Destination Firewall Group IDs ([`IP Sets`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/orange-cloudavenue/cloudavenue/latest/docs/resources/vdcg_ip_set), [`Security Groups`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/orange-cloudavenue/cloudavenue/latest/docs/resources/vdcg_security_group) or [`Dynamic Security Group`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/orange-cloudavenue/cloudavenue/latest/docs/resources/vdcg_dynamic_security_group)). Leaving it empty means `Any` (all).
- `direction` (String) The direction of the rule.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Defines if the rule is enabled or not.
- `id` (String) The ID of the rule.
- `ip_protocol` (String) The IP protocol of the rule.
- `logging` (Boolean) Defines if the rule should log matching traffic.
- `name` (String) The name of the rule.
- `source_groups_excluded` (Boolean) Reverses value of `source_ids` for the rule to match everything except specified IDs.
- `source_ids` (Set of String) A set of Source Firewall Group IDs ([`IP Sets`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/orange-cloudavenue/cloudavenue/latest/docs/resources/vdcg_ip_set), [`Security Groups`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/orange-cloudavenue/cloudavenue/latest/docs/resources/vdcg_security_group) or [`Dynamic Security Group`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/orange-cloudavenue/cloudavenue/latest/docs/resources/vdcg_dynamic_security_group)). Leaving it empty means `Any` (all).
