---
page_title: "cloudavenue_vm Data Source - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "VM (Virtual Machine)"
description: |-
  The virtual machine (vm) data source allows you to read information about a virtual machine in the CloudAvenue.
---

# cloudavenue_vm (Data Source)

The virtual machine (vm) data source allows you to read information about a virtual machine in the CloudAvenue.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudavenue_vapp" "example" {
  name = "example-vapp"
}

data "cloudavenue_vm" "example" {
  name      = "example-vm"
  vapp_name = data.cloudavenue_vapp.example.name
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The ID of the VM. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `name`, `id`.
- `name` (String) The name of the VM. Unique within the vApp. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `name`, `id`.
- `vapp_id` (String) The vApp this VM belongs to. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `vapp_name`, `vapp_id`.
- `vapp_name` (String) The vApp this VM belongs to. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `vapp_name`, `vapp_id`.
- `vdc` (String) The name of vDC to use, optional if defined at provider level.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) The description of the VM.
- `resource` (Attributes) The resource of the VM. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource))
- `settings` (Attributes) The settings for the VM. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings))
- `state` (Attributes) The state of the VM. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--state))

<a id="nestedatt--resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_hot_add_enabled` (Boolean) Whether CPU hot add is enabled or not.
- `cpus` (Number) The number of virtual CPUs to allocate to the VM.
- `cpus_cores` (Number) The number of cores per virtual CPU to allocate to the VM.
- `memory` (Number) The amount of memory to allocate to the VM, in MB.
- `memory_hot_add_enabled` (Boolean) Whether memory hot add is enabled or not.
- `networks` (Attributes List) The networks to attach to the VM. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource--networks))

<a id="nestedatt--resource--networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource.networks`

Read-Only:

- `adapter_type` (String) The type of vNic to create on this interface.
- `connected` (Boolean) Whether the network interface is connected or not.
- `ip` (String) The IP address to assign to this VM on this network.
- `ip_allocation_mode` (String) The IP allocation mode for this network.
- `is_primary` (Boolean) Whether this network is the primary network for the VM.
- `mac` (String) The MAC address to assign to this VM on this network.
- `name` (String) The name of the network to attach to the VM.
- `type` (String) The type of network to attach to the VM.



<a id="nestedatt--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings`

Read-Only:

- `affinity_rule_id` (String) The ID of the affinity rule to apply to this VM.
- `customization` (Attributes) The customization settings for the VM. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--customization))
- `expose_hardware_virtualization` (Boolean) Whether to expose hardware CPU virtualization to the guest OS.
- `guest_properties` (Map of String) Key/Value settings for guest properties.
- `os_type` (String) The Operating System type installed on the VM.
- `storage_profile` (String) The storage profile name to use.

<a id="nestedatt--settings--customization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.customization`

Read-Only:

- `admin_password` (String, Sensitive) The admin password for the VM.
- `allow_local_admin_password` (Boolean) Whether to allow the local admin password to be changed.
- `auto_generate_password` (Boolean) Whether to auto-generate the password.
- `change_sid` (Boolean) Whether to change the SID of the VM. Applicable only for Windows VMs.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether guest customization is enabled or not.
- `force` (Boolean) This attributes is not set in the data source.
- `hostname` (String) Computer name to assign to this virtual machine. Default is the value of attribute `name`.
- `init_script` (String) The init script to run.
- `join_domain` (Boolean) If true, this VM is join to a domain.
- `join_domain_account_ou` (String) The domain account OU to join.
- `join_domain_name` (String) The domain name to join.
- `join_domain_password` (String, Sensitive) The domain password to join.
- `join_domain_user` (String) The domain user to join.
- `join_org_domain` (Boolean) Use organization's domain for joining.
- `must_change_password_on_first_login` (Boolean) Whether the password must be changed on first login.
- `number_of_auto_logons` (Number) The number of times the VM should auto-login.



<a id="nestedatt--state"></a>
### Nested Schema for `state`

Read-Only:

- `power_on` (Boolean) Whether the VM should be powered on or not. `true` means powered on, `false` means powered off.
- `status` (String) The power status of the VM.

