---
page_title: "CloudAvenue Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
    The Cloudavenue provider provides utilities for working with Cloud Avenue platform.
---

# CloudAvenue Provider

The CloudAvenue Provider provides utilities for working with Cloud Avenue platform.
The provider needs to be configured with the proper credentials before it can be used.

Documentation regarding Data Sources and Resources can be found in the sidebar to the left.

 -> Note : If you need more information about Cloud Avenue, please visit [Cloud Avenue documentation](https://wiki.cloudavenue.orange-business.com/w/index.php/Accueil).
## Authentication

Cloud Avenue support authentication with username, password and organization.

## Known Limitations

Because of the way Cloud Avenue API works, it is not possible to work on many resources at the same time.
This means that if you have a Terraform configuration with multiple resources, you will need to run `terraform apply -parallelism=1` or `terraform destroy -parallelism=1`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "cloudavenue" {
  org      = var.org
  user     = var.user
  password = var.password
  url      = var.url
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `org` (String) The organization used on CloudAvenue API. Can also be set with the `CLOUDAVENUE_ORG` environment variable.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password to use to connect to the CloudAvenue API. Can also be set with the `CLOUDAVENUE_PASSWORD` environment variable.
- `url` (String) The URL of the CloudAvenue API. Can also be set with the `CLOUDAVENUE_URL` environment variable.
- `user` (String) The username to use to connect to the CloudAvenue API. Can also be set with the `CLOUDAVENUE_USER` environment variable.
- `vdc` (String) The VDC used on CloudAvenue API. Can also be set with the `CLOUDAVENUE_VDC` environment variable.
