---
page_title: "cloudavenue_alb_virtual_service Resource - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "ALB (Advanced Load Balancer)"
description: |-
  Provides a resource to manage ALB Virtual services for particular NSX-T Edge Gateway. A virtual service advertises an IP address and ports to the external world and listens for client traffic. When a virtual service receives traffic, it directs it to members in ALB Pool.
---

# cloudavenue_alb_virtual_service (Resource)

Provides a resource to manage ALB Virtual services for particular NSX-T Edge Gateway. A virtual service advertises an IP address and ports to the external world and listens for client traffic. When a virtual service receives traffic, it directs it to members in ALB Pool.

~> **NOTE** To activate the ALB Virtual Service, you must make an order. For more information, see the [ALB Virtual Service documentation](https://wiki.cloudavenue.orange-business.com/wiki/LBaaS).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudavenue_edgegateway" "example" {
  name = "tn01e02ocb0006205spt101"
}

data "cloudavenue_alb_pool" "example" {
  name = "albpool-name"
}
resource "cloudavenue_alb_virtual_service" "example" {
  name            = "albvs-name"
  description     = "description"
  edge_gateway_id = data.cloudavenue_edgegateway.example.id
  enabled         = true
  pool_id         = cloudavenue_alb_pool.example.id
  virtual_ip      = "192.168.10.10"
  service_type    = "HTTP"
  service_ports = [
    {
      port_start = 80
    }
  ]
}
```

## Example Usage - (Adding L4 ALB Virtual Service)
```hcl
data "cloudavenue_edgegateway" "example" {
  name = "My-EdgeGateway-Name"
}

data "cloudavenue_alb_pool" "example" {
  name = "My-ALBPool-Name"
}

resource "cloudavenue_alb_virtual_service" "example" {
  name            = "My-ALBVS-Name"
  description     = "description"
  edge_gateway_id = data.cloudavenue_edgegateway.example.id
  enabled         = true
  pool_id         = cloudavenue_alb_pool.example.id
  virtual_ip      = "192.168.10.10"
  service_type    = "L4"
    service_ports = [
        {
        port_start = 8080
        port_end   = 8088
        port_type  = "TCP_PROXY"
        },
        {
        port_start = 9090
        port_type  = "TCP_FAST_PATH"
        }
    ]
}
```

## Example Usage - (Adding HTTPS ALB Virtual Service with certificate and multiple ports)

```hcl
data "cloudavenue_edgegateway" "example" {
  name = "My-EdgeGateway-Name"
}

data "cloudavenue_alb_pool" "example" {
  name = "My-ALBPool-Name"
}
resource "cloudavenue_alb_virtual_service" "example" {
  name            = "My-ALBVS-Name"
  description     = "description"
  edge_gateway_id = data.cloudavenue_edgegateway.example.id
  enabled         = true
  pool_id         = cloudavenue_alb_pool.example.id
  virtual_ip      = "192.168.10.10"
  certificate_id  = "urn:vcloud:certificateLibraryItem:f9caac3a-2555-477e-ae58-0740687d4daf"
  service_type    = "HTTPS"
  service_ports = [
    {
      port_start = 443
      port_type  = "TCP_PROXY"
      port_ssl   = true
    },
    {
      port_start = 8080
      port_type  = "TCP_PROXY"
      port_ssl   = true
    },
    {
      port_start = 9090
      port_type  = "TCP_PROXY"
      port_ssl   = false
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the ALB Virtual Service.
- `service_ports` (Attributes List) The service port of the ALB Virtual Service. The service port is the port on which the virtual service listens for client traffic. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_ports))
- `service_type` (String) The type of the service. The different modes that the NSX Advanced Load Balancer supports for handling TCP traffic and various parameters that can be tuned for optimization of the TCP traffic are also detailed here. Value must be one of: `HTTP` (If you choose "HTTP" you don't need to set the "port_type" and "ssl_enabled" attribute in "service_ports".), `HTTPS` (If you choose "HTTPS", you must provide a certificate ID and you don't need to set the "port_type" attribute in "service_ports".), `L4` (If you choose "L4", you can set a service "port_type" attribute in "service_ports.), `L4_TLS` (If you choose "L4_TLS", you must provide a certificate ID and you can set a service "port_type" attribute in "service_ports.).
- `virtual_ip` (String) The virtual IP address of the ALB Virtual Service.

### Optional

- `certificate_id` (String) The ID of the certificate. The certificate must be uploaded to the NSX Advanced Load Balancer before it can be used. The certificate MUST'NT be expired. If the value of [`<.service_type`](#<.service_type) attribute is one of `L4_TLS` or `HTTPS` this attribute is **REQUIRED**. If the value of [`<.service_ports[*].port_ssl`](#<.service_ports[*].port_ssl) attribute is `true` this attribute is **REQUIRED**.
- `description` (String) The description of the ALB Virtual Service.
- `edge_gateway_id` (String) (ForceNew) The ID of the edge gateway on which the ALB Virtual Service is to be created. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `edge_gateway_name`, `edge_gateway_id`.
- `edge_gateway_name` (String) (ForceNew) The name of the edge gateway on which the ALB Virtual Service is to be created. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `edge_gateway_name`, `edge_gateway_id`.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Defines if the ALB Virtual Service is enabled. Value defaults to `true`.
- `pool_id` (String) The ID of the ALB Server Pool associated. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `pool_name`, `pool_id`.
- `pool_name` (String) The name of the ALB Server Pool associated. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `pool_name`, `pool_id`.
- `service_engine_group_name` (String) The name of the service Engine Group (Take the first one if not specified).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the load balancer virtual service.

<a id="nestedatt--service_ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_ports`

Required:

- `port_start` (Number) The start port of the service port range or exact port number if `port_end`is not set.

Optional:

- `port_end` (Number) The end port of the service port range. If not specified, only the `port_start` value is used.
- `port_ssl` (Boolean) Defines if the service port is SSL enabled. Value defaults to `false`.
- `port_type` (String) The type of the service port. The different modes that the NSX Advanced Load Balancer supports for handling TCP traffic and various parameters that can be tuned for optimization of the TCP traffic are also detailed here. Value must be one of: `TCP_PROXY` (The TCP proxy terminates client connections to the virtual service, processes the payload, and then opens a new TCP connection to the destination server. Any application data from the client that is destined for a server is forwarded to that server over the new server-side TCP connection. Separating (or proxying) the client-to-server connections enables the NSX Advanced Load Balancer to provide enhanced security, such as TCP protocol sanitization and denial of service (DoS) mitigation.), `TCP_FAST_PATH` (A TCP fast path profile does not proxy TCP connections. It directly connects clients to the destination server and translates the destination virtual service address of the client with the IP address of the chosen destination server. The source IP address of the client can be NATed to the IP address of the SE.), `UDP_FAST_PATH` (Advanced Load Balancer translates the client’s destination virtual service address to the destination server and writes the source IP address of the client to the address of the SE, when forwarding the packet to the server. This ensures that server response traffic traverses symmetrically through the original SE.). If the value of [`service_type`](#service_type) attribute is `L4` this attribute is **REQUIRED**. If the value of [`service_type`](#service_type) attribute is one of `HTTP`, `HTTPS` or `L4_TLS` this attribute is **NULL**. Value defaults to `TCP_PROXY`.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
# use the EdgeGateway name or ID and the LB Virtual Service name to import the resource
terraform import cloudavenue_alb_virtual_service.test edge_gateway_nameOrID.alb_virtual_service_name
```