---
page_title: "cloudavenue_edgegateway Resource - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "Edge Gateway (Tier-1)"
description: |-
  The Edge Gateway resource allows you to create and delete Edge Gateways in Cloud Avenue.
---

# cloudavenue_edgegateway (Resource)

The Edge Gateway resource allows you to create and delete Edge Gateways in Cloud Avenue.

## Examples Usage

### Example with VDC

```terraform
resource "cloudavenue_edgegateway" "example" {
  owner_name = cloudavenue_vdc.example.name
}
```

### Example with VDC Group

```terraform
resource "cloudavenue_edgegateway" "example" {
  owner_name = cloudavenue_vdcg.example.name
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `owner_name` (String) <i style="color:red;font-weight: bold">(ForceNew)</i> The name of the Edge Gateway owner. It can be a VDC or a VDC Group name.

### Optional

- `bandwidth` (Number) The bandwidth in `Mbps` of the Edge Gateway. If no value is specified, the bandwidth is automatically calculated based on the remaining bandwidth of the Tier-0 VRF. More information can be found [here](#bandwidth-attribute).

!> **Warning** This attribute is not supported if your Tier-0 VRF has a class of service `DEDICATED`. This is due to a bug in the API (See [#1068](https://github.com/orange-cloudavenue/terraform-provider-cloudavenue/issues/1069)).
- `tier0_vrf_name` (String) <i style="color:red;font-weight: bold">(ForceNew)</i> The name of the Tier-0 VRF to which the Edge Gateway is attached. If not specified, the Edge Gateway will be created if only one Tier-0 VRF is available.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) The description of the Edge Gateway.
- `id` (String) The ID of the Edge Gateway.
- `name` (String) The name of the Edge Gateway.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Bandwidth Attribute

The `bandwidth` attribute is optional. If no value is specified, the bandwidth is automatically calculated based on the remaining bandwidth of the Tier-0 VRF. For more information, see the [documentation of edge gateway](https://cloud.orange-business.com/en/offres/infrastructure-iaas/cloud-avenue/wiki-cloud-avenue/services/network/).

The following values are supported depending on the service class of the Tier-0 :

<!-- TABLE BANDWIDTH VALUES -->
* `VRF_DEDICATED_LARGE`(Max: 10000Mbps) : 5, 25, 50, 75, 100, 150, 200, 250, 300, 400, 500, 600, 700, 800, 900, 1000, 2000, 3000, 4000, 5000, 6000
* `VRF_DEDICATED_MEDIUM`(Max: 3500Mbps) : 5, 25, 50, 75, 100, 150, 200, 250, 300, 400, 500, 600, 700, 800, 900, 1000, 2000
* `VRF_PREMIUM`(Max: 1000Mbps) : 5, 25, 50, 75, 100, 150, 200, 250, 300, 400, 500, 600, 700, 800, 900, 1000
* `VRF_STANDARD`(Max: 300Mbps) : 5, 25, 50, 75, 100, 150, 200, 250, 300



Example with bandwidth:

```hcl
resource "cloudavenue_edgegateway" "example" {
  owner_name     = cloudavenue_vdc.example.name
  bandwidth      = 100
}
```

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
# use the name to import the edge gateway
terraform import cloudavenue_edgegateway.example MyEdgeName
```