---
page_title: "cloudavenue_edgegateway_network_routed Resource - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "Edge Gateway (Tier-1)"
description: |-
  The cloudavenue_edgegateway_network_routed resource allows you to manage a routed network with the edge gateway within VDC scope. If you want to manage a routed network in the vDC Group scope, please use the cloudavenue_vdcg_network_routed https://registry.terraform.io/providers/orange-cloudavenue/cloudavenue/latest/docs/resources/vdcg_network_routed resource.
---

# cloudavenue_edgegateway_network_routed (Resource)

The `cloudavenue_edgegateway_network_routed` resource allows you to manage a routed network with the edge gateway within VDC scope. If you want to manage a routed network in the vDC Group scope, please use the [`cloudavenue_vdcg_network_routed`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/orange-cloudavenue/cloudavenue/latest/docs/resources/vdcg_network_routed) resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudavenue_edgegateway_network_routed" "example" {
  name = "example"

  edge_gateway_id = cloudavenue_edgegateway.example.id

  gateway       = "192.168.1.254"
  prefix_length = 24

  dns1 = "1.1.1.1"
  dns2 = "8.8.8.8"

  dns_suffix = "example"

  static_ip_pool = [
    {
      start_address = "192.168.1.10"
      end_address   = "192.168.1.20"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `gateway` (String) <i style="color:red;font-weight: bold">(ForceNew)</i> The gateway IP address for the network. This value defines also the network IP range with the prefix length. (e.g. 192.168.1.1 with prefix length 24 for netmask, defines the network IP range 192.168.1.0/24 with the gateway 192.168.1.1). The value must be a valid IPV4 address (Ex: `192.168.0.1`).
- `name` (String) The name of the network routed.
- `prefix_length` (Number) <i style="color:red;font-weight: bold">(ForceNew)</i> The prefix length for the network. This value must be a valid prefix length for the network IP range. (e.g. /24 for netmask 255.255.255.0). Value must be between 1 and 32.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description of the network.
- `dns1` (String) The primary DNS server IP address for the network. The value must be a valid IPV4 address (Ex: `192.168.0.1`).
- `dns2` (String) The secondary DNS server IP address for the network. The value must be a valid IPV4 address (Ex: `192.168.0.1`).
- `dns_suffix` (String) The DNS suffix for the network.
- `edge_gateway_id` (String) <i style="color:red;font-weight: bold">(ForceNew)</i> The ID of the edge gateway in which the routed network should be connected. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `edge_gateway_id`, `edge_gateway_name`.
- `edge_gateway_name` (String) <i style="color:red;font-weight: bold">(ForceNew)</i> The name of the edge gateway in which the routed network should be connected. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `edge_gateway_id`, `edge_gateway_name`.
- `guest_vlan_allowed` (Boolean) Indicates if the network allows guest VLANs. Value defaults to `false`.
- `static_ip_pool` (Attributes Set) A set of static IP pools to be used for this network. Set must contain at least 1 elements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--static_ip_pool))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the network routed.

<a id="nestedatt--static_ip_pool"></a>
### Nested Schema for `static_ip_pool`

Required:

- `end_address` (String) The end address of the IP pool. This value must be a valid IP address in the network IP range. The value must be a valid IPV4 address (Ex: `192.168.0.1`).
- `start_address` (String) The start address of the IP pool. This value must be a valid IP address in the network IP range. The value must be a valid IPV4 address (Ex: `192.168.0.1`).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
terraform import cloudavenue_edgegateway_network_routed.example edgeGatewayIDOrName.networkRoutedIDOrName
```