---
page_title: "cloudavenue_edgegateway_vpn_ipsec Resource - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "Edge Gateway (Tier-1)"
description: |-
  Provides a resource to manage an IPsec VPN Tunnel. You can configure site-to-site connectivity between an Edge Gateway and remote sites. The remote sites must support IPSec protocol.
---

# cloudavenue_edgegateway_vpn_ipsec (Resource)

Provides a resource to manage an IPsec VPN Tunnel. You can configure site-to-site connectivity between an Edge Gateway and remote sites. The remote sites must support IPSec protocol.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Example Usage (IPsec VPN Tunnel with default Security Profile)
resource "cloudavenue_edgegateway_vpn_ipsec" "example" {
  edge_gateway_id = data.cloudavenue_edgegateway.example.id

  name        = "example"
  description = "example VPN IPSec"
  enabled     = true

  pre_shared_key = "my-preshared-key"

  local_ip_address = "123.45.67.89"
  local_networks   = ["10.10.10.0/24", "30.30.30.0/28", "40.40.40.1/32"]

  remote_ip_address = "1.2.3.5"
  remote_networks   = ["192.168.1.0/24", "192.168.10.0/24", "192.168.20.0/28"]
}

# Example Usage (IPsec VPN Tunnel with customized Security Profile)
resource "cloudavenue_edgegateway_vpn_ipsec" "example" {
  edge_gateway_id = data.cloudavenue_edgegateway.example.id

  name        = "example"
  description = "example VPN IPSec"
  enabled     = false

  pre_shared_key = "my-preshared-key"

  local_ip_address = "195.25.15.99"
  local_networks   = ["10.10.10.0/24", "30.30.30.0/28", "40.40.40.1/32"]

  remote_ip_address = "1.2.3.5"
  remote_networks   = ["192.168.1.0/24", "192.168.10.0/24", "192.168.20.0/28"]

  security_profile = {
    ike_dh_groups                = "GROUP15"
    ike_digest_algorithm         = "SHA2_384"
    ike_encryption_algorithm     = "AES_128"
    ike_sa_lifetime              = 86400
    ike_version                  = "IKE_V2"
    tunnel_df_policy             = "COPY"
    tunnel_dh_groups             = "GROUP15"
    tunnel_digest_algorithms     = "SHA2_512"
    tunnel_dpd                   = 45
    tunnel_encryption_algorithms = "AES_128"
    tunnel_pfs                   = true
    tunnel_sa_lifetime           = 3600
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `local_ip_address` (String) An IPv4 Address for the local endpoint. This has to be a sub-allocated IP on the Edge Gateway. This endpoint must be reach by the remote endpoint. Must be a valid IP with net.ParseIP.
- `local_networks` (Set of String) Set of local networks in CIDR format. This local_networks will be exchanged between both sites in order to route ip traffic in VPN tunnel.
- `name` (String) The Name of the IPsec VPN Tunnel Configuration.
- `remote_ip_address` (String) An IPv4 Address for the remote endpoint. This is your remote VPN endpoint you need to reach. Must be a valid IP with net.ParseIP.
- `remote_networks` (Set of String) Set of remote networks in CIDR format. This remote_networks will be exchanged between both sites in order to route ip traffic in VPN tunnel.

### Optional

- `authentication_mode` (String) (ForceNew) Authentication mode used for the IPSec VPN Configuration. Value must be one of: `CERTIFICATE` (Use a Certificate or CA Certificate for authentication medthod.), `PSK` (Use a Pre-Shared-Key authentication method.). Value defaults to `PSK`.
- `ca_certificate_id` (String) A CA Certificate is an Authentication method. Is a CA certificate that will be exchanged between both sites in order to set up the IPsec tunnel. If authentication_mode attribute is set and the value is one of `"PSK"`, this attribute is NULL. Ensure that if an attribute is set, also these are set: "[certificate_id]". If authentication_mode attribute is set and the value is one of `"CERTIFICATE"`, this attribute is REQUIRED.
- `certificate_id` (String) A Certificate is an Authentication method. Is a certificate that will be exchanged between both sites in order to set up the IPsec tunnel. If authentication_mode attribute is set and the value is one of `"PSK"`, this attribute is NULL. If authentication_mode attribute is set and the value is one of `"CERTIFICATE"`, this attribute is REQUIRED.
- `description` (String) A description of the IPsec VPN Tunnel Configuration.
- `edge_gateway_id` (String) (ForceNew) The ID of the Edge Gateway. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `edge_gateway_name`, `edge_gateway_id`.
- `edge_gateway_name` (String) (ForceNew) The Name of the Edge Gateway. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `edge_gateway_name`, `edge_gateway_id`.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable or Disable the IPsec VPN Tunnel Configuration. Value defaults to `true`.
- `pre_shared_key` (String, Sensitive) The Pre-Shared Key (PSK) is an Authentication method. Is a complex password (ASCII) that will be exchanged between both sites in order to set up the IPsec tunnel. If authentication_mode attribute is set and the value is one of `"CERTIFICATE"`, this attribute is NULL. If authentication_mode attribute is set and the value is one of `"PSK"`, this attribute is REQUIRED.
- `security_profile` (Attributes) Customization of your IPSec configuration. The configuration used must be symmetric for both endpoint VPN. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--security_profile))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the IPsec VPN Tunnel Configuration.
- `security_type` (String) Security type which is use for IPsec VPN Tunnel. Let empty if you want to use the default configuration.

<a id="nestedatt--security_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security_profile`

Optional:

- `ike_dh_groups` (String) The Diffie-Hellman (DH) key exchange algorithm is a method used to make a shared encryption key available to two entities over an insecure communications channel. Value must be one of : `GROUP2`, `GROUP5`, `GROUP14`, `GROUP15`, `GROUP16`, `GROUP19`, `GROUP20`, `GROUP21`. If <.<.security_type attribute is set and the value is one of `"DEFAULT"`, this attribute is NULL.
- `ike_digest_algorithm` (String) Secure hashing algorithms to use during the IKE negotiation. Value must be one of : `SHA1`, `SHA2_256`, `SHA2_384`, `SHA2_512`. If <.ike_encryption_algorithm attribute is set and the value is one of `"AES_GCM_128"`, `"AES_GCM_256"`, `"AES_GCM_512"`, this attribute is NULL.
- `ike_encryption_algorithm` (String) Encryption algorithms used by IKE. Value must be one of : `AES_128`, `AES_256`, `AES_GCM_128`, `AES_GCM_192`, `AES_GCM_256`.
- `ike_sa_lifetime` (Number) Security association lifetime in seconds. It is number of seconds before the IPsec tunnel ike part needs to reestablish. Value defaults to `86400`.
- `ike_version` (String) IKE (Internet Key Exchange) is an encrypt protocol of your VPN data. Value must be one of: `IKE_V1` (When you select this option, IPSec VPN initiates and responds to IKEv1 protocol only.), `IKE_V2` (The default option. When you select this version, IPSec VPN initiates and responds to IKEv2 protocol only.), `IKE_FLEX` (When you select this option, if the tunnel establishment fails with IKEv2 protocol, the source site does not fall back and initiate a connection with the IKEv1 protocol. Instead, if the remote site initiates a connection with the IKEv1 protocol, then the connection is accepted.).
- `tunnel_df_policy` (String) Policy for handling defragmentation. Value must be one of: `COPY` (Copies the defragmentation bit from the inner IP packet to the outer packet.), `CLEAR` (Ignores the defragmentation bit present in the inner packet.). Value defaults to `COPY`.
- `tunnel_dh_groups` (String) The Diffie-Hellman (DH) key exchange algorithm is a method used to make a shared encryption key available to two entities over an insecure communications channel. Value must be one of : `GROUP2`, `GROUP5`, `GROUP14`, `GROUP15`, `GROUP16`, `GROUP19`, `GROUP20`, `GROUP21`.
- `tunnel_digest_algorithms` (String) Digest algorithms to be used for message digest. Value must be one of : `SHA1`, `SHA2_256`, `SHA2_384`, `SHA2_512`. If <.tunnel_encryption_algorithms attribute is set and the value is one of `"AES_GCM_128"`, `"AES_GCM_256"`, `"AES_GCM_512"`, this attribute is NULL.
- `tunnel_dpd` (Number) Value in seconds of Dead Probe Detection interval. Minimum is 3 seconds and the maximum is 60 seconds. Value defaults to `60`.
- `tunnel_encryption_algorithms` (String) Encryption algorithms to use in IPSec tunnel establishment. Value must be one of : `AES_128`, `AES_256`, `AES_GCM_128`, `AES_GCM_192`, `AES_GCM_256`.
- `tunnel_pfs` (Boolean) PFS (Perfect Forward Secrecy) capacity enabled or disabled. It's generates unique private keys for each secure session. Value defaults to `true`.
- `tunnel_sa_lifetime` (Number) Security association lifetime in seconds. It is number of seconds before the IPsec tunnel needs to reestablish. Value defaults to `3600`.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
terraform import cloudavenue_edgegateway_vpn_ipsec.example edgeGatewayIDOrName.vpnIPSecNameOrID
```