---
page_title: "cloudavenue_elb_policies_http_request Resource - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "SET SUBCATEGORY"
description: |-
  The cloudavenue_elb_policies_http_request resource allows you to manage ...
---

# cloudavenue_elb_policies_http_request (Resource)

The `cloudavenue_elb_policies_http_request` resource allows you to manage ...

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudavenue_elb_policies_http_request" "example" {
    foo = "bar"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `policies` (Attributes List) HTTP request policies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies))
- `virtual_service_id` (String) (ForceNew) The ID of the virtual service to which the policies http request belongs.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the policies http request.

<a id="nestedatt--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies`

Required:

- `actions` (Attributes List) Actions to perform when the rule matches. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--actions))
- `criteria` (Attributes) Match criteria for the HTTP request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--criteria))
- `name` (String) The name of the policy.

Optional:

- `active` (Boolean) Whether the policy is active or not. Value defaults to `true`.
- `logging` (Boolean) Whether to enable logging with headers on rule match or not. Value defaults to `false`.

<a id="nestedatt--policies--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.actions`

Optional:

- `modify_headers` (Attributes Set) Modify HTTP request headers. Set must contain at most 10 elements. If the [`<.redirect`](#<.redirect) attribute is set this attribute is **NULL**. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--actions--modify_headers))
- `redirect` (Attributes) Redirects the request to different location. If the [`<.modify_headers`](#<.modify_headers) attribute is set this attribute is **NULL**. If the [`<.rewrite_url`](#<.rewrite_url) attribute is set this attribute is **NULL**. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--actions--redirect))
- `rewrite_url` (Attributes) Rewrite the request URL. If the [`<.redirect`](#<.redirect) attribute is set this attribute is **NULL**. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--actions--rewrite_url))

<a id="nestedatt--policies--actions--modify_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.actions.modify_headers`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to perform on the header. Value must be one of : `ADD`, `REMOVE`, `REPLACE`.
- `name` (String) Name of the HTTP header to modify. String length must be at most 128.

Optional:

- `value` (String) Value of the HTTP header to modify. Value must be one of : `ADD`, `REMOVE`, `REPLACE`. If the value of [`<.action`](#<.action) attribute is one of `ADD` or `REPLACE` this attribute is **REQUIRED**. If the value of [`<.action`](#<.action) attribute is `REMOVE` this attribute is **NULL**. String length must be at most 128.


<a id="nestedatt--policies--actions--redirect"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.actions.redirect`

Required:

- `port` (Number) Port to which redirect the request. Value must be between 1 and 65535.
- `protocol` (String) HTTP protocol. Value must be one of : `HTTP`, `HTTPS`.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Host to which redirect the request. Default is the original host.
- `keep_query` (Boolean) Keep or drop the query of the incoming request URI in the redirected URI. Value defaults to `true`.
- `path` (String) Path to which redirect the request. Default is the original path.
- `status_code` (Number) Redirect status code. Value must be one of : `301`, `302`, `307`. Value defaults to `302`.


<a id="nestedatt--policies--actions--rewrite_url"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.actions.rewrite_url`

Required:

- `host` (String) Host header to use for the rewritten URL.
- `path` (String) Path to use for the rewritten URL.

Optional:

- `keep_query` (Boolean) Whether or not to keep the existing query string when rewriting the URL. Defaults to true. Value defaults to `true`.
- `query` (String) Query string to use or append to the existing query string in the rewritten URL.



<a id="nestedatt--policies--criteria"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.criteria`

Optional:

- `client_ip` (Attributes) Match the rule based on client IP address rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--criteria--client_ip))
- `cookie` (Attributes) Match the rule based on cookie rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--criteria--cookie))
- `http_methods` (Attributes) Match the rule based on HTTP method rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--criteria--http_methods))
- `path` (Attributes) Match the rule based on path rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--criteria--path))
- `protocol` (String) Protocol to match. Value must be one of : `HTTP`, `HTTPS`.
- `query` (Set of String) Text contained in the query string.
- `request_headers` (Attributes Set) Match the rule based on request headers rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--criteria--request_headers))
- `service_ports` (Attributes) Match the rule based on service port rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--criteria--service_ports))

<a id="nestedatt--policies--criteria--client_ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.criteria.client_ip`

Required:

- `criteria` (String) Criteria to match. Value must be one of : `HTTP`, `HTTPS`.
- `ip_addresses` (Set of String) IP addresses to match. Element value must satisfy all validations: The value must be at least one of the following :
a valid IPV4 address (192.168.0.1)., a valid IPV4 address with CIDR (192.168.0.1/24)., .


<a id="nestedatt--policies--criteria--cookie"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.criteria.cookie`

Required:

- `criteria` (String) Criteria to match. Value must be one of : `BEGINS_WITH`, `DOES_NOT_BEGIN_WITH`, `CONTAINS`, `DOES_NOT_CONTAIN`, `ENDS_WITH`, `DOES_NOT_END_WITH`, `EQUALS`, `DOES_NOT_EQUAL`, `EXISTS`, `DOES_NOT_EXIST`.
- `name` (String) Name of the cookie to match.

Optional:

- `value` (String) Value of the cookie to match. If the value of [`<.criteria`](#<.criteria) attribute is one of `EXISTS` or `DOES_NOT_EXIST` this attribute is **NULL**. If the value of [`<.criteria`](#<.criteria) attribute is one of `BEGINS_WITH`, `DOES_NOT_BEGIN_WITH`, `CONTAINS`, `DOES_NOT_CONTAIN`, `ENDS_WITH`, `DOES_NOT_END_WITH`, `EQUALS` or `DOES_NOT_EQUAL` this attribute is **REQUIRED**. String length must be at most 10240.


<a id="nestedatt--policies--criteria--http_methods"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.criteria.http_methods`

Required:

- `criteria` (String) Criteria to match. Value must be one of : `IS_IN`, `IS_NOT_IN`.
- `methods` (Set of String) Methods to match. Element value must satisfy all validations: value must be one of: ["GET" "POST" "PUT" "DELETE" "PATCH" "OPTIONS" "TRACE" "CONNECT" "PROPFIND" "PROPPATCH" "MKCOL" "COPY" "MOVE" "LOCK" "UNLOCK"].


<a id="nestedatt--policies--criteria--path"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.criteria.path`

Required:

- `criteria` (String) Criteria to match. Value must be one of : `BEGINS_WITH`, `DOES_NOT_BEGIN_WITH`, `CONTAINS`, `DOES_NOT_CONTAIN`, `ENDS_WITH`, `DOES_NOT_END_WITH`, `EQUALS`, `DOES_NOT_EQUAL`, `REGEX_MATCH`, `REGEX_DOES_NOT_MATCH`.
- `paths` (Set of String) A set of patchs to match given criteria.


<a id="nestedatt--policies--criteria--request_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.criteria.request_headers`

Required:

- `criteria` (String) Criteria to match. Value must be one of : `BEGINS_WITH`, `DOES_NOT_BEGIN_WITH`, `CONTAINS`, `DOES_NOT_CONTAIN`, `ENDS_WITH`, `DOES_NOT_END_WITH`, `EQUALS`, `DOES_NOT_EQUAL`, `EXISTS`, `DOES_NOT_EXIST`.
- `name` (String) Name of the HTTP header whose value is to be matched.

Optional:

- `value` (String) Value of the HTTP header to match. If the value of [`<.criteria`](#<.criteria) attribute is one of `EXISTS` or `DOES_NOT_EXIST` this attribute is **NULL**. If the value of [`<.criteria`](#<.criteria) attribute is one of `BEGINS_WITH`, `DOES_NOT_BEGIN_WITH`, `CONTAINS`, `DOES_NOT_CONTAIN`, `ENDS_WITH`, `DOES_NOT_END_WITH`, `EQUALS` or `DOES_NOT_EQUAL` this attribute is **REQUIRED**.


<a id="nestedatt--policies--criteria--service_ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.criteria.service_ports`

Required:

- `criteria` (String) Criteria to match. Value must be one of : `IS_IN`, `IS_NOT_IN`.
- `ports` (Set of Number) Ports to match. Element value must satisfy all validations: value must be between 1 and 65535.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
terraform import cloudavenue_elb_policies_http_request.example name
```