---
page_title: "cloudavenue_iam_token Resource - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "IAM (Identity & Access Management)"
description: |-
  The cloudavenue_iam_token resource allows you to manage API tokens for a specific user.
  !> Warning: This resource print or store the token in clear text.
---

# cloudavenue_iam_token (Resource)

The `cloudavenue_iam_token` resource allows you to manage API tokens for a specific user. 

 !> **Warning:** This resource print or store the token in clear text.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudavenue_iam_token" "example" {
  name         = "example"
  save_in_file = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) (ForceNew) The unique name of the API token for a specific user.

### Optional

- `file_name` (String) (ForceNew) The name of the file to store the API token. Value defaults to `token.json`.
- `print_token` (Boolean) (ForceNew) If true, the API token will be printed in the console. Set this to true if you understand the security risks of using API token and agree to creating them. This setting is only used when creating a new API token and available only one time. Value defaults to `false`.
- `save_in_file` (Boolean) (ForceNew) If true, the API token will be saved in a file. Set this to true if you understand the security risks of using API token files and agree to creating them. This setting is only used when creating a new API token and available only one time. Value defaults to `false`.
- `save_in_tfstate` (Boolean) (ForceNew) If true, the API token will be saved in the terraform state. Set this to true if you understand the security risks of using API token and agree to creating them. This setting is only used when creating a new API token and available only one time. 

 !> **Warning:** This is a security risk and should only be used for testing purposes. Value defaults to `false`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique ID of the API token for a specific user.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) The API token for a specific user. Only Available if the `save_in_tfstate` is set to true.

