---
page_title: "cloudavenue_network_dhcp_binding Resource - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "Network"
description: |-
  The network_dhcp_binding resource allows you to manage DHCP bindings.
---

# cloudavenue_network_dhcp_binding (Resource)

The `network_dhcp_binding` resource allows you to manage DHCP bindings.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudavenue_network_dhcp_binding" "example" {
  name           = "example"
  org_network_id = cloudavenue_network_dhcp.example.id
  mac_address    = "00:50:56:01:01:01"
  ip_address     = "192.168.1.231"
}

resource "cloudavenue_network_dhcp" "example" {
  org_network_id = cloudavenue_network_routed.example.id
  mode           = "EDGE"
  pools = [
    {
      start_address = "192.168.1.30"
      end_address   = "192.168.1.100"
    }
  ]
  dns_servers = [
    "1.1.1.1",
    "1.0.0.1"
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ip_address` (String) The IP address of the DHCP Binding. Must be a valid IP with net.ParseIP.
- `mac_address` (String) The MAC address of the DHCP Binding. Must be a valid mac address.
- `name` (String) The name of the DHCP Binding.
- `org_network_id` (String) <i style="color:red;font-weight: bold">(ForceNew)</i> The ID of the Org Network.<br/>**Note** (`.id` field) of `cloudavenue_network_isolated`, `cloudavenue_network_routed` or `cloudavenue_network_dhcp` can be referenced here. It is more convenient to use reference to `cloudavenue_network_dhcp` ID because it makes sure that DHCP is enabled before configuring pools. Must be a valid URN.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the DHCP Binding.
- `dhcp_v4_config` (Attributes) The DHCPv4 configuration for the DHCP Binding. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dhcp_v4_config))
- `dns_servers` (List of String) The DNS server IPs to be assigned by this DHCP service. List must contain at most 2 elements.
- `lease_time` (Number) The lease time in seconds for the DHCP service. Value defaults to `86400`. Value must be at least 60.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the DHCP Binding.

<a id="nestedatt--dhcp_v4_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dhcp_v4_config`

Optional:

- `gateway_address` (String) The gateway address to be assigned by this DHCP service. Must be a valid IP with net.ParseIP.
- `hostname` (String) The hostname to be assigned by this DHCP service.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
terraform import cloudavenue_network_dhcp_binding.example orgNetworkID.dhcpBindingName
```
