---
page_title: "cloudavenue_network_routed Resource - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "Network"
description: |-
  Provides a Cloud Avenue vDC routed Network. This can be used to create, modify, and delete VDC routed networks.
---

# cloudavenue_network_routed (Resource)

Provides a Cloud Avenue vDC routed Network. This can be used to create, modify, and delete VDC routed networks.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudavenue_edgegateway" "example" {
  name = "tn01e02ocb0006205spt101"
}

resource "cloudavenue_network_routed" "example" {
  name        = "OrgNetExampleOnVDCGroup"
  description = "Org Net Example"

  edge_gateway_id = data.cloudavenue_edgegateway.example.id

  gateway       = "192.168.1.254"
  prefix_length = 24

  dns1 = "1.1.1.1"
  dns2 = "8.8.8.8"

  dns_suffix = "example"

  static_ip_pool = [
    {
      start_address = "192.168.1.10"
      end_address   = "192.168.1.20"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `gateway` (String) (ForceNew) The gateway IP address for the network. This value define also the network IP range with the prefix length. Must be a valid IP with net.ParseIP.
- `name` (String) The name of the network. This value must be unique within the `VDC` or `VDC Group` that owns the network.
- `prefix_length` (Number) (ForceNew) The prefix length for the network. This value must be a valid prefix length for the network IP range. (e.g. /24 for netmask 255.255.255.0). Value must be between 1 and 32.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description of the network.
- `dns1` (String) The primary DNS server IP address for the network. Must be a valid IP with net.ParseIP.
- `dns2` (String) The secondary DNS server IP address for the network. Must be a valid IP with net.ParseIP.
- `dns_suffix` (String) The DNS suffix for the network.
- `edge_gateway_id` (String) (ForceNew) The ID of the edge gateway in which the routed network should be located. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `edge_gateway_id`, `edge_gateway_name`.
- `edge_gateway_name` (String) (ForceNew) The name of the edge gateway in which the routed network should be located.
- `interface_type` (String) An interface for the network. Value must be one of : `INTERNAL`, `SUBINTERFACE`, `DISTRIBUTED`. Value defaults to `INTERNAL`.
- `static_ip_pool` (Attributes Set) A set of static IP pools to be used for this network. Set must contain at least 1 elements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--static_ip_pool))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the network.

<a id="nestedatt--static_ip_pool"></a>
### Nested Schema for `static_ip_pool`

Required:

- `end_address` (String) The end address of the IP pool. This value must be a valid IP address in the network IP range. Must be a valid IP with net.ParseIP.
- `start_address` (String) The start address of the IP pool. This value must be a valid IP address in the network IP range. Must be a valid IP with net.ParseIP.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
terraform import vdc-or-vdc-group-name.NetworkName
```
