---
page_title: "cloudavenue_s3_bucket_acl Resource - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "S3 (Object Storage)"
description: |-
  The cloudavenue_s3_bucket_acl resource allows you to manage S3 (object storage) buckets ACL (Access Control List).
---

# cloudavenue_s3_bucket_acl (Resource)

The `cloudavenue_s3_bucket_acl` resource allows you to manage S3 (object storage) buckets ACL (Access Control List).

 ~> `terraform destroy` does not delete the S3 Bucket ACL but does remove the resource from Terraform state.

## Examples Usage

### With canned ACL (private)

```hcl
resource "cloudavenue_s3_bucket_acl" "example" {
  bucket = data.cloudavenue_s3_bucket.example.id
  acl    = "private"
}
```

### With Grant (public-read)

```hcl
resource "cloudavenue_s3_bucket_acl" "example" {
  bucket = data.cloudavenue_s3_bucket.example.id

  access_control_policy = {
	grants = [{
	  grantee = {
		type = "Group"
		uri  = "http://acs.amazonaws.com/groups/global/AllUsers"
	  },
	  permission = "READ"
	}]
	owner = {
	  id = "bcaf1ffd86f461ca5fb16fd081034f"
  	}
  }
}
```

### With Grant (private)

```hcl
resource "cloudavenue_s3_bucket_acl" "example" {
  bucket = data.cloudavenue_s3_bucket.example.name

  access_control_policy = {
	grants = [{
	  grantee = {
		type = "CanonicalUser"
		id  = "bcaf1ffd86f461ca5fb16fd081034f"
	  },
	  permission = "FULL_CONTROL"
	}]
	owner = {
	  id = "bcaf1ffd86f461ca5fb16fd081034f"
  	}
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bucket` (String) (ForceNew) The Name of the bucket.

### Optional

- `access_control_policy` (Attributes) A configuration block that sets the ACL permissions for an object per grantee. Ensure that if an attribute is set, these are not set: "[access_control_policy,acl]". (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_control_policy))
- `acl` (String) (ForceNew) The canned ACL to apply to the bucket. Each canned ACL has a predefined set of grantees and permissions. [For more information](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/acl-overview.html#specifying-grantee-predefined-acl). Value must be one of : `private`, `public-read`, `public-read-write`, `authenticated-read`, `bucket-owner-read`, `bucket-owner-full-control`. Ensure that if an attribute is set, these are not set: "[access_control_policy,acl]".
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the S3 bucket acl. The ID is same as bucket name.

<a id="nestedatt--access_control_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_control_policy`

Required:

- `owner` (Attributes) A configuration block of the bucket owner's display name and ID. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_control_policy--owner))

Optional:

- `grants` (Attributes Set) A configuration block that sets Grant ACL permissions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_control_policy--grants))

<a id="nestedatt--access_control_policy--owner"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_control_policy.owner`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the bucket owner.

Optional:

- `display_name` (String) The display name of the bucket owner.


<a id="nestedatt--access_control_policy--grants"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_control_policy.grants`

Required:

- `permission` (String) The following list shows each access policy permissions supported. [For more information](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/acl-overview.html). Value must be one of : `FULL_CONTROL`, `READ`, `WRITE`, `READ_ACP`, `WRITE_ACP`.

Optional:

- `grantee` (Attributes) A configuration block that sets the ACL permissions for an object per grantee. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_control_policy--grants--grantee))

<a id="nestedatt--access_control_policy--grants--grantee"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_control_policy.grants.grantee`

Required:

- `type` (String) The type of grantee specified. Value must be one of : `CanonicalUser`, `AmazonCustomerByEmail`, `Group`.

Optional:

- `email_address` (String) The email address of the grantee.
- `id` (String) The ID of the grantee.
- `uri` (String) The URI of the grantee.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The display name of the grantee.




<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

 -> **Timeout** Default timeout is **5 minutes**.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
terraform import cloudavenue_s3_bucket_acl.example bucketName
```