---
page_title: "cloudavenue_s3_bucket_ownership_controls Resource - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "S3 (Object Storage)"
description: |-
  The cloudavenue_s_3_bucket_ownership_controls resource allows you to manage ...
---

# cloudavenue_s3_bucket_ownership_controls (Resource)

The `cloudavenue_s_3_bucket_ownership_controls` resource allows you to manage ...

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudavenue_s3_bucket_ownership_controls" "example" {
  bucket = cloudavenue_s3_bucket.example.name
  rule = {
    object_ownership = "BucketOwnerPreferred"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bucket` (String) (ForceNew) Name of the bucket that you want to associate this access point with.
- `rule` (Attributes) The container element for a rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule))

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the bucket ownership controls. It's the same as the bucket name.

<a id="nestedatt--rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule`

Required:

- `object_ownership` (String) (ForceNew) The container element for an ownership control rule. Value must be one of: `BucketOwnerPreferred` (Objects uploaded to the bucket change ownership to the bucket owner if the objects are uploaded with the `bucket-owner-full-control` canned ACL.), `ObjectWriter` (Uploading account will own the object if the object is uploaded with the `bucket-owner-full-control` canned ACL.), `BucketOwnerEnforced` (Bucket owner automatically owns and has full control over every object in the bucket. ACLs no longer affect permissions to data in the S3 bucket.).


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
terraform import cloudavenue_s3_bucket_ownership_controls.example bucketName
```