---
page_title: "cloudavenue_s3_bucket_cors_configuration Resource - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "S3 (Object Storage)"
description: |-
  The cloudavenue_s3_bucket_cors_configuration resource allows you to manage the Cross-Origin Resource Sharing https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/cors.html configuration of an S3 bucket.
---

# cloudavenue_s3_bucket_cors_configuration (Resource)

The `cloudavenue_s3_bucket_cors_configuration` resource allows you to manage the [Cross-Origin Resource Sharing](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/cors.html) configuration of an S3 bucket.

 ~> S3 Buckets only support a single CORS configuration. Declaring multiple `cloudavenue_s3_bucket_cors_configuration` resources to the same S3 Bucket will cause a perpetual difference in configuration.

## Examples Usage

### Basic example

```hcl
resource "cloudavenue_s3_bucket_cors_configuration" "example" {
	bucket = cloudavenue_s3_bucket.example.name
	cors_rules = [{
		allowed_headers = ["*"]
		allowed_methods = ["GET"]
		allowed_origins = ["*"]
	}]
}
```

### Advanced example

```hcl
resource "cloudavenue_s3_bucket_cors_configuration" "example" {
	bucket = cloudavenue_s3_bucket.example.name
	cors_rules = [{
		allowed_headers = ["Content-Type"]
		allowed_methods = ["GET", "DELETE"]
		allowed_origins = ["https://www.example.com"]
		expose_headers = ["X-Custom-Header"]
		max_age_seconds = 3600
	},
	{
		allowed_headers = ["Accept"]
		allowed_methods = ["GET"]
		allowed_origins = ["https://www.example.com"]
	}]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bucket` (String) <i style="color:red;font-weight: bold">(ForceNew)</i> The name of the bucket.
- `cors_rules` (Attributes Set) Set of origins and methods (cross-origin access that you want to allow). Set must contain at least 1 elements and at most 100 elements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cors_rules))

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the bucket.

<a id="nestedatt--cors_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cors_rules`

Required:

- `allowed_methods` (Set of String) Set of HTTP methods that you allow the origin to execute. Element value must satisfy all validations: value must be one of: ["GET" "PUT" "HEAD" "POST" "DELETE"].
- `allowed_origins` (Set of String) Set of origins you want customers to be able to access the bucket from.

Optional:

- `allowed_headers` (Set of String) Set of Headers that are specified in the Access-Control-Request-Headers header.
- `expose_headers` (Set of String) Set of headers in the response that you want customers to be able to access from their applications (for example, from a JavaScript XMLHttpRequest object).
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the rule. String length must be between 1 and 255.
- `max_age_seconds` (Number) Time in seconds that your browser is to cache the preflight response for the specified resource.


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

 -> **Timeout** Default timeout is **5 minutes**.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
terraform import cloudavenue_s3_bucket_cors_configuration.example bucketName
```