---
page_title: "cloudavenue_vapp Resource - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "vApp (Virtual Appliance)"
description: |-
  Provides a Cloud Avenue vApp resource. This can be used to create, modify, and delete vApps.
---

# cloudavenue_vapp (Resource)

Provides a Cloud Avenue vApp resource. This can be used to create, modify, and delete vApps.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudavenue_vapp" "example" {
  name        = "MyVapp"
  description = "This is an example vApp"

  lease = {
    runtime_lease_in_sec = 3600
    storage_lease_in_sec = 3600
  }

  guest_properties = {
    "key" = "Value"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) <i style="color:red;font-weight: bold">(ForceNew)</i> Name of the vApp.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the vApp.
- `guest_properties` (Map of String) Key/value settings for guest properties.
- `lease` (Attributes) Informations about vApp lease. Value defaults to `{"runtime_lease_in_sec":0,"storage_lease_in_sec":0}`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lease))
- `vdc` (String) <i style="color:red;font-weight: bold">(ForceNew)</i> The name of vDC to use, optional if defined at provider level.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ID of the vApp.

<a id="nestedatt--lease"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lease`

Optional:

- `runtime_lease_in_sec` (Number) How long any of the VMs in the vApp can run before the vApp is automatically powered off or suspended. Allowed values are 3600 to 31536000 seconds (1 hour to 365 days) or 0 means never expires. Value defaults to `0`. Value must satisfy at least one of the validations: value must be one of: ["0"] + value must be between 3600 and 31536000.
- `storage_lease_in_sec` (Number) How long the vApp is available before being automatically deleted or marked as expired. Allowed values are 3600 to 31536000 seconds (1 hour to 365 days) or 0 means never expires. Value defaults to `0`. Value must satisfy at least one of the validations: value must be one of: ["0"] + value must be between 3600 and 31536000.

## Import

## Import

vApp can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

- `vdc_name.vapp_name`
- `vdc_name.vapp_id`
- `vapp_name`
- `vapp_id`

If `vdc_name` is not provided, the VDC defined in the provider configuration will be used.

Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
terraform import cloudavenue_vapp.example VDCName.VAppNameOrID Or VAppNameOrID
```