---
page_title: "cloudavenue_vapp_isolated_network Resource - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "vApp (Virtual Appliance)"
description: |-
  Provides capability to attach an existing Org VDC Network to a vApp and toggle network features.
---

# cloudavenue_vapp_isolated_network (Resource)

Provides capability to attach an existing Org VDC Network to a vApp and toggle network features.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudavenue_vapp" "example" {
  name        = "MyVapp"
  description = "This is an example vApp"
}

resource "cloudavenue_vapp_isolated_network" "example" {
  name                  = "MyVappNet"
  vapp_name             = cloudavenue_vapp.example.name
  gateway               = "192.168.10.1"
  netmask               = "255.255.255.0"
  dns1                  = "192.168.10.1"
  dns2                  = "192.168.10.3"
  dns_suffix            = "myvapp.biz"
  guest_vlan_allowed    = true
  retain_ip_mac_enabled = true

  static_ip_pool = [{
    start_address = "192.168.10.51"
    end_address   = "192.168.10.101"
    },
    {
      start_address = "192.168.10.10"
      end_address   = "192.168.10.30"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `gateway` (String) (ForceNew) The gateway IP address for the network. This value define also the network IP range with the prefix length. Must be a valid IP with net.ParseIP.
- `name` (String) The name of the network. This value must be unique within the `VDC` or `VDC Group` that owns the network.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description of the network.
- `dns1` (String) The primary DNS server IP address for the network. Must be a valid IP with net.ParseIP.
- `dns2` (String) The secondary DNS server IP address for the network. Must be a valid IP with net.ParseIP.
- `dns_suffix` (String) The DNS suffix for the network.
- `guest_vlan_allowed` (Boolean) True if Network allows guest VLAN. Default to `false`.
- `netmask` (String) (ForceNew) The netmask of the network. Must be a valid netmask. Value defaults to `255.255.255.0`.
- `retain_ip_mac_enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether the network resources such as IP/MAC of router will be retained across deployments. Default to `false`.
- `static_ip_pool` (Attributes Set) A set of static IP pools to be used for this network. Set must contain at least 1 elements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--static_ip_pool))
- `vapp_id` (String) (ForceNew) ID of the vApp. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `vapp_name`, `vapp_id`.
- `vapp_name` (String) (ForceNew) Name of the vApp. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `vapp_id`, `vapp_name`.
- `vdc` (String) (ForceNew) The name of vDC to use, optional if defined at provider level.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the network.

<a id="nestedatt--static_ip_pool"></a>
### Nested Schema for `static_ip_pool`

Required:

- `end_address` (String) The end address of the IP pool. This value must be a valid IP address in the network IP range. Must be a valid IP with net.ParseIP.
- `start_address` (String) The start address of the IP pool. This value must be a valid IP address in the network IP range. Must be a valid IP with net.ParseIP.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
# if vdc is not specified, the default vdc will be used
terraform import cloudavenue_vapp_isolated_network.example vapp_name.network_name

# if vdc is specified, the vdc will be used
terraform import cloudavenue_vapp_isolated_network.example vdc.vapp_name.network_name
```