---
page_title: "cloudavenue_vdc_group_firewall Resource - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "vDC (Virtual Datacenter)"
description: |-
  The cloudavenue_vdc_group_firewall resource allows you to manage ...
---

# cloudavenue_vdc_group_firewall (Resource)

The `cloudavenue_vdc_group_firewall` resource allows you to manage ...
 


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `rules` (Attributes List) The list of rules to apply to the firewall. List must contain at least 1 elements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))
- `vdc_group` (String) (ForceNew) The name of the VDC Group.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) Defines if the firewall is enabled or not. Value defaults to `true`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the firewall.

<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Required:

- `action` (String) Defines if the rule should matching traffic. Value must be one of : `ALLOW`, `DROP`, `REJECT`.
- `direction` (String) The direction of the rule. Value must be one of : `IN_OUT`, `OUT`, `IN`.
- `name` (String) The name of the rule.

Optional:

- `app_port_profile_ids` (Set of String) A set of Application Port Profile IDs. Leaving it empty means `Any` (all).
- `destination_groups_excluded` (Boolean) Reverses value of `destination_ids` for the rule to match everything except specified IDs. Value defaults to `false`.
- `destination_ids` (Set of String) A set of Destination Firewall Group IDs (`IP Sets` or `Security Groups`). Leaving it empty means `Any` (all).
- `enabled` (Boolean) Defines if the rule is enabled or not. Value defaults to `true`.
- `ip_protocol` (String) The IP protocol of the rule. Value must be one of : `IPV4`, `IPV6`, `IPV4_IPV6`. Value defaults to `IPV4`.
- `logging` (Boolean) Defines if the rule should log matching traffic. Value defaults to `false`.
- `source_groups_excluded` (Boolean) Reverses value of `source_ids` for the rule to match everything except specified IDs. Value defaults to `false`.
- `source_ids` (Set of String) A set of Source Firewall Group IDs (`IP Sets` or `Security Groups`). Leaving it empty means `Any` (all).

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the rule.

